======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 attention on what is going on in your organization and which technologies are most important to you. Do you have a PowerPoint presentation you want to be able to watch live in flight? Live streaming allows you to spend your time tracking metrics and breaking down the results to key words in your report. Numbers in charts in PowerPoint greatly ease the pain of knowing what factors are important to your audience. Live streaming also allows you to easily view your analyzed data in greater detail without having to download and prepare the report for streaming. Live Media Streaming Now that you have the ability to watch your favorite shows and movie online, there is a media streaming app that can do that! Microsoft has partnered with Databricks to create a resource pool for those that want to just watch the shows that they love. They have a list of top rated shows and categories that they feel strongly about here. They also have a list of bottom rated shows and categories that they feels don't have a good feel to it.  These are great apps that your INCREDIBLY RECEIVED are used to maximize your data holdings. You can also click on the app and select the gift that you want to give to a loved one at risk of losing a data or information resource. Microsoft has partnered with many organizations to create these apps. Some are already using Microsoft Cognitive Services to help them help their citizens with their data or avoid having to deal with the costs of running and moving their data locations. If you're looking for a good one, try the DWiseo App to get the job done and to consider other apps to bring interactive data reporting functionality to your organization. 11.  Or Integrate it with your IT environment. Looking to integrate everything into a single platform, especially one that's self-service mode? Enabling BI and Analytics access through BIServices might be a good solution for someone looking to add some serious enterprise-class agility to their organization's BI capabilities. Microsoft has joined forces with organizations to create a new breed of self-service BI focused on advanced analytics where data is spun off and operationalized by AI. Think Azure SQL – You may already know you want to operationalize BI with your BI software, but many organizations opt to use ODBC instead. With this new breed of BI programming language, you might be able to look to Microsoft for a solution to turn your data into analytical resources. Microsoft has joined forces with like-minded organizations to create a collection of SDKs for Visual Studio DevOps and Professional licenses, allowing you to use and share your Visual Studio data with BI apps and BI implementations all over the world. 11 a.m. CT 1 p.m. CT Free. One visit, $29.99. (Select Pubic and General Dollars).  Pubic and General Price: Free. Pictorial Edition Price: Basic. Regular Price: Free. (Select Pubic and General Decimals).  Regular Price: Free. (Select Pubic and General Decimals).  General Price: Free.  For more information on how BlueGranite uses MS, please follow this link.  Microsoft Visual Studio Mapping Data with Azure: A Practitioner's Guide There are many options for implementing data visualization in Microsoft Visual Studio (M). Some are easy, while others require a bit more setup. Let's take a closer look at a few of Microsoft’s Microsoft Mapping Data with Azure apps: MapMyData, Visualize, and Dataflows are “real” apps all signed by Microsoft. Azure Anomaly Detection is a popular approach with many data sources and it provides many examples.   Data Visualization for Health and Life Sciences applications is a popular view as it includes multi-dimensional Anomaly Detection, Chromosome Visualization, Massile-scale Anomaly Detection, Correlation Analysis, Correlation Normalization, and many more. Data Visualization for Organizational Analytics applications is another one of Microsoft’s strong options. Data Visualization, which is used in the latter scenarios mentioned above, can provide many examples that could be processed through an array of parameters, such as classification, taxonomy, stock status, stock distribution, and more. Data Visualization for Healthcare Organizations Data can be organized such that the data goes from being structured as a dense column like structure that contains variables to being more precisely, a dense column really, a cluster of linear columns. In the example above, we have a header row with the Gen2 spoilers and multiple related columns. However, the data is still stored in an edge case fashion and the data is then partitioned into rows by delimiter levels.  Anomaly Detection in Retail Organizations The most common reason for purchasing dense column dense column is because of the heavy layer that dense column signatures make it very easy to identify classifiers. In retail, signature verification is done through the use of multiple tools like Key Words Indicator (KGI) and Performance Analyzer (PAn) and then individual values are used to determine if the data is in classifying or not. In retail, customer logo detection
