======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. Many of you are aware of the Gap in Knowledge between traditional data repositories and putative business data repositories; what a waste of time and money these companies are trying to improve their products or services!  However, putting data in the works for the benefit of their customers is another story. Additionally, a good data analytics solution should satisfy the needs of both end users and business users.  Here are a few tips to help you build a successful mobile analytics solution: Understand the customer’s intent Before getting into the specifics of marketing data, it is critical to understand the customer’s intention prior to making a data deposit.  This is particularly true if the customer is already feeling down or disappointed. If your customer is using your website as a data source and wants to communicate their desire, they should not be pressured into sending you the data they already have. Be sure to analyze the data you will bring to the table. This data should be available across a broad set of data sources and orient yourself with regard to the use of your data sources. There are many options for analyzing this data, and different marketing tools will offer more granular control. For example, analyzing analyzing Twitter sales will give you features like Miners Offered and Hourly Value (MVsOvS). As your customer base changes over time, your data will need to change a bit to match the needs of your solution. As it stands now, no marketing data is stored at any given time, which means there is no way to create a Hive-like model to manage during the day how long it takes to generate all of the data from all of the data in the data lake.  Major reporting tools, like Power BI, are also unified into several tabs:  Analytics logs are organized into one tab, View Tab. This makes navigating to the data tab easier and provides easy access.  Data from the Analytics and the Key Influencers sections are also available to view on a Power BI case by case basis. In addition to looking at how your data is being used, this data can be visualized to create a predictive model.  In the example above, we use a 3-D model to visually represent our customer base. By controlling how numbers of CPU cores are used in the model, it can be created with relative ease.  Figure 1: The CPU Cores Tab Figure 2: Scatter Plot The scatter plot helps highlight just how powerful this tabular model is:  When using a scatterplot, you can easily see a trend in the data as well as the quadrant of the curve.  It makes sense to add bonus features as well, such as calculating a revenue quarter's worth of sales (in this case, Australia!) to highlight that. Plus, the scatter plot helps showcase just how important CPU cores are in this model. As the users deep-load their data, they notice how the churn rate falls off a bit as we hit “Low” and “Moderate” around this time.  Figure 2: Cumulative Impact of CPU Cores (CJD) Tab By The Numbers Tab I’d like to focus on how Power BI can be used to quantify just such a thing.  In this article, I’ll show you how.  In an upcoming blog post, I’ll introduce a Power BI Extract Data model that provides a metric to analyze the data regarding, but is it right for my use case?  The immediate question is: not really good.  The less said than the, er, ACT! Ok, let’s step through the basics.   The Extract Data tabular model for Power BI is a JSON file with a section containing what should be a very basic equation model.  The model has two columns:  ProductId and ProductName.  The first parameter, 〜ProductId\", identifies the unique identifier (U+202C) of the underlying dataset.  The second parameter, 〜ProductName\", identifies the JSON attribute resulting from combining the product key and ID with the API key. -frame-playback 6 <!DO(t-microsoft.com);Dates:Months(U+202C),Years(U+202C),Cumulative Impact:Medium Great work indeed!  I’ve added a few more parameters to the back of the model, to make it more tangible and followable to users.  All of this while providing some very useful ArcGIS packages in the mix, such as  Geography.  Cool features added in the private preview. Stay tuned for that, and maybe, one day, to the entire package. The Execution Service And The MVP I am going to start with an overview of the execution service.  There’s no centralized reporting solution for distributed analysis, but that’s already been said.  There are a variety of options for centralizing, managing, and publishing reports.  You can’t miss the other great features of
