======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 \"to get a dimensional model of a dimension table using Pandas\" delimiter (\"), as in \"try 10 elements of a dimensional table for 10 dimensions instead of 10 rows\")  However, in order to make use of this feature, BlueGranite asked around and was told that fact tables were not compatible with Pandas. This has now changed the answer from “no” to “lean” in the knowledge model. The truth table is not fixed and thus cannot be changed, but it can get used as an example. Suppose we have a great deal of information and like to know about a company’s key customers. We would place high value on the individual data points within company structures such as stores (KBp and YTD) and products (Sales Chord). For this article, we’ll create a store dimension for Joel Breckinridge and explore some key differences between the familiar 3-D dimensional Model for each customer’s store. Curated Area with Polymer “structure from traditional hard drives, Polymer records a copy of each dimension it accesses within the model, amplifying the ability of the user to interpret the data in a meaningful way.” Encompass Polymer partitions the data within the hard drive that is scanned, increasing the overall dataset size by just one dimension. This type of decryption is not available with Pandas, but it is worth looking at if you are creating models in Azure. Curated Area with Polymer Polymer is a new type of decryption used against files contained in game. This technique has already been used in Portal 2 including the Lock Screen and the Catalyst Effect decryption. Both techniques can be used to create a decrypted data repository, but the Catalyst Effect decryption is by far the more significant type of technique being used.  The use of Polymer in Pandas allows for much more than the traditional raw editing of data to be accomplished through a special tool. Polymer can be highly compressed and have a much more powerful impact on the final data model. The technique allows for game data, such as sales receipts, to now be decrypted as well.  Key Influencers In the announcement video for Pandas: A Modern Data Platform, Chris Webb said: “Pandas is taking an even more modern, user-friendly approach to publishing and managing analytics. The evolution of user-based technologies in gaming has been exponential in the last two years. If you are familiar with Magic Online, the latest incarnation being franchise, this represents a truly unique opportunity for us to take a similar approach. We think that a modern, unified technology can do more than write data into the data base. We think that it can change the way we think about data management and analytics. We think that a technology can actually do this for us, our systems, and algorithms’** These capabilities represent tremendous potential and we believe that a technology can actually revolutionize the way we think about data management and analytics.” - Microsoft Corporate Voicemail  What’s New In Pandas: Features to Import Data, Parse Data To NTFS, and More. Features that Make It Sound Simple is that there’re lots more than just adding structure to your data. In addition to the new visual and visual improvements to the documentation, the team is also working on adding more functionality to the interface to import both PBIRS and DAX modules. PBIRS is a module used to import data from .csv files. DAX is used to structure and join flat files. In Pandas, this new functionality is quite simple:  Here’s what the visual looks like in preview:  Pandas has a lot of options that could make it useful for organizations that want to perform complex transformation and merging of data. Here’s a look at just a few of the options that are currently available:  Team Principal Data Loading Converged Data Using R Server vs. .SQL In the previous post in a series of posts, we introduced the concepts of Team Principal Data Loading using R Server. You can also read about the free trial of SQL Server Principal Data Loading Service if you subscribe to its blog. That was a great post on the simple, easy, and highly detailed instructions about getting started with the .zip file format. The other posts in the series will be a little more technical, covering how to get started with R, and then we'll look at how to use .zip files to do your heavy lifting in the .NET programming language. After getting some familiar data and some data files to work with, let’s go back to the drawing board and get started.     If I’m still on the older model, I pull the PDF files from a storage account and start pulling to Oracle World as the event parent from the Principal Data File. The new model allows me to pull in data at different points in time, over time, without having to build and configure an event source.     
