======== SAMPLE 1 ========
est. As soon as this new feature is enabled, everyone will see the 1st class flu shots are now shown in the upper right corner of the screen.  After a while, you will realize that your data model did not completely rule out the possibility of latent heaters in the first place. By default, they are not enabled by default. You can enable them by adding the parameter ‘ENDA FEATURES’ to the pop-up for the feature. The new feature report will display these features automatically, automatically, without having to manually refresh the page to get the data.  The new report visual is called a heatmap. It shows the location of all the unique IDs of related data points along with randomness to filter out trends. While we love visualizations that tell a story, and even prefer to show percentages rather than specific data points, this heatmap visual is not a good visual to begin with.  A heatmap tells a story when you want it to tell. If you want to see the most detailed view of your data, you need to get moving. A well-designed visual tells a story even when you don’t want to tell a story. Laying an Intersections With a well-defined visual, the developer can tell a story only if all the data points are present simultaneously.  If, after having looked at this report, you also notice that a trend has changed, you can tell that something else is going on.  This can tell us anything from what’s important about our hospital or our patients. What kind of patient is this patient? What are their daily activities? Are they doing work activities like volunteering, group work, playdates, or other social activities? If they have these these types of data points, we can use them as an opening ad hoc measure to see if we can fuzzy tie our data. To use this opening ad hoc measure, we need to know what objects of data we can fuzzytie to. In the Visualization above, I create a dimensional table that tells me that there are 3 objects of data I want to fuzzytag. After creating the object hierarchy, I move them to the middle of the row. I then define a dimensional table that holds the data. After creating the hierarchy, I then reference the fuzzytags in the data to see if I can fuzzyjoin the missing objects. If not, I can then use the fuzzyjoin() function to join the objects to form a new hierarchy. Laying an Intersect When I hover over a data source that has a defined hierarchy, I see six objects when I hover over that entity for the dot in the top right corner. I can then choose to lay an entire hive of objects under that individual in an organized row of data. Or I can lay a single organized hive hive of objects under each individual in an unorganized row. Layered Hierarchies Help Inspire Future Work A hierarchical hierarchy helps explain what’s important in the first data source dimension and what’s available to be drawn conclusions about the related objects. If a data source has multiple data edges, such as a hierarchy with individual data points and ratings, a hierarchical hierarchy can help display the data that is being compared to those ratings and attributes. A single intelligent designer can easily pinpoint which attributes are important to a specific query or exception that a query is taking. The higher the level of organization, the more important the attributes are going to be. This is because a single intelligence (or intelligence + monitoring level) will generally need the most assistance with queries where there are many attributes related to the data or an entire set of attributes related only to that query. The lower the organization, the more difficult it would be for the system to understand the single attribute or characteristic that is relevant in a query. As organizations get more advanced with more domain-specific knowledge bases, the requirement for layered hierarchies becomes exponentially greater. The increased importance of understanding layered attributes becomes an imperative to every successful analytics project. Every successful analytics project requires a survival drill because no intelligent system is safe from liability as of any stage. At any cost, the system becomes less safe if the users or engineers who design and develop analytics for the analytics platform are not on the site as well. Stable Ground A successful analytics solution hinges on these three considerations when planning its implementation:  Having an effective system to stabilize and monitor data. A proven system to support its implementation begins with an analytics solution that can run up and down in price as resources are scarce because the system is not optimized for the single use case under our umbrella.  Having an understanding of how its userbase is approaching the platform, and the capabilities available there, can help it mitigate risk and optimize its services. Specifically, it can help mitigate the risk of over-engineering its users through augmented reality and cloud-based analytics solutions.  Having a stable system to monitor and manage investments in the platform can help drive underlying consumption. This is especially true if the “Insurers and Retailers Become “Herd Customers” where Average
