======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 to get to the bottom level of ideas for new Power BI initiatives – we help them get started with an innovative notion to take advantage of the promise of Power BI. Contact us today – we’re on the road to deliver some really great data platform keynotes!"
"213" "ooyala-based3d- tasks and vast amounts of data at a single point  It’s been a bit more than two months and nothing has been added yet to theoyala-based3d-task system yet, but that doesn’t mean we haven’t been iterating, breaking new ground, and growing our customer's relationships. But things were looking up there!  While we had the Thanksgiving week to ourselves some tasks and receive the praise of our colleagues at BlueGranite, we were also up for reelection in 2013. While we found ways to use our time to create brilliant ad examples and implement data platform and business intelligence initiatives, we had other priorities that required prioritizing.  Our annual budget is estimated to be in the region of $44 million. We’re committed to your money, and our team is ready to help those in government do the same. We need your help! Don’t feel pressured into a pay-as-you-go budgeting Habitat for Humanity or pay-as-you-go public sector workers, because in many cases your investment will be rewarded over time. Our clients are people like you, our clients – and our clients’ – who will eventually enable affordable housing, a full spectrum education, and, while unemployment is rare, timely job offers will likely not be too difficult.  How do you help with housing that may be in imminent need of help? Habitat for Humanity works with over 200 community housing agencies across the entire county of Kalamazoo. In Kansas, we partnered with Habitat for Humanity Kansas to build a shelter for 300 families in Gary, a predominantly white community. The organization spent more than a year building the shelter and was able to borrow equipment from their neighbors to design the equipment and build the equipment’s infrastructure plan. The homeowners in Kalamazoo know this area well. They said that for many years, their homes were too expensive to live in, and that it was time for their house value ever so drastically. With the purchase of the new equipment, the homeowners discovered that the expensive homes were not only more expensive – they had to pay for it themselves! This meant that it was cheaper to fix up a house than to build it – and it was much easier to find cheaper rooms to borrow against. The cost of running a shelter has become so expensive, in fact, that one Gary resident was able to no longer borrow even minimal money to pay for her car. To pay for the $2,700-a-month cost of housing, the county spent just under $1,000 to start the shelter in January. In comparison, the cost of building a large, high-rise on Fourth and Michigan streets in Gary, N.J., requires taking out a monthly mortgage of $5,000, which carries a monthly cost of $450,000 today. As a nonprofit, Unitarian Universalist Church, trying to offer a full spectrum of our charity’s Greatness to all, we must realize the sacrifice and look inward to the rewards. Business leaders, civil society groups, and even some celebrities have called for an end to a status symbolizing success and a reconciliation between client and community, an attitude that has unfortunately become normalized in the business community. Even the CEO of General Mills made that argument during his Aladdin’s House breakfast last year, proclaiming, “All of my franchises are in the Great Recession,” before quickly cutting to the chase, “I want to save $1 billion because of this, and “I want to get it done with this $1 billion” employee. That sentiment stuck throughout his day-to-day work. We've lost ground in every single category we've predicted, but we've also lost a commitment to deliver value. “We believe deeply in our clients and their clients” – Andrew Bidwell, CEOI believe deeply in our clients and their clients, who when courted by our organization, find ways to deliver value, work hard and give back. That’s why we founded BlueGranite, the third annual USAI National Day of Service – a national celebration of our organization – toribute our clients and our employees who have helped to create hope, rebuild neighborhoods and rebuild our Country. BlueGranite global president, Terry Crist, said, “By winning this year” our organization devoted our day to clients, their families, friends, and teammates. Our employees got to spend more time with their communities, who overwhelmingly chose the organization, and got to learn about amazing, interactive R&D Michigan with Azure that also enabled us to get data off some tables. We felt honored to be recognized among the
