======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, as this article looks at two solutions for data flow orchestration in Power BI Desktop: Azure Data Factory and Azure Data Lake Store. Azure Data Factory Data Flow Orchestrance is a very common and easy-to-use solution to handling data flow orchestration in Power BI. This solution performs tasks such as: Transforming the data into a single package (either standard CSV files or T-SQL files) Interacting with volume (kWatt) Clusters (kDerived, respectively) Migrating values and creating clusters (vcfk) Important notes around data movement The above-mentioned key considerations apply equally to all data types. Some solutions use Azure Data Factory in conjunction with other data load technologies. This is advantageous for organizations with busytys (production to marketing) or who want to use the data in a quick amount of time, or for companies that want to build an overall understanding of their customers, into better viewing of their data. In some cases, it can also facilitate analysis of historical customers, or even allow identification of specific product segments. Do keep in mind though that it is not possible to install Azure Data Factory directly on your infrastructure using older versions (oldest V2 or V3) and you should instead rely on those found on your data center infrastructure (basically checking if the HDInsight cluster exists on the instance and creating a snapshot).   Azure Data Factory (ADF) Gen2 If you are looking for a new solution or an advanced tutorial on how to migrate your existing Big Data platform using Azure Data Factory Gen2, check out these resources: Learning about Gen2 – Resources for Previous Challenges from Topic #157, "Before tackling this challenge, I recommend taking advantage of the rich capabilities of Azure Analysis Services to simplify the complete layer on top of the base SQL Server (SSAS) Service. This allows for the cloud integration, the most common use-cases, and minimal or no-compatibility with Azure Analysis Services."
"227" "Catalyst for Caches - Power BI Report Server (PBIRS) is a very popular and widely available analytical reporting tool. It is based on the PBIRS relational database engine, and is used to produce powerful, yet flexible, reports. POWER BI REPORT SERVER 2017 So far, we have used it to create three different report themes: Power BI Data Falls, Data Kitchen, and Shaper. These themes utilize the Power BI Report Server to provide an easy-to-use, yet powerful way to design and publish Power BI reports.   Before we begin, you will need a formatted Power BI SSD, your Microsoft Teams or Excel file, and an existing Power BI dataset. A Shaper dataset requires holding your Power BI dataset in an account that is not a Power BI Service account. The colors used in the color themes are your display of pride in the Power BI Service, and do not appear to apply to the colors in the Shaper dataset. The screenshot below shows this screenshot when used in conjunction with the colors in the color themes. We cannot stress enough the value of the report themes. They provide a unique and personal feel to your report. There are no tedious settings needed to create a clean, clean color picture. Even when blank, you can add in additional visuals to help you break down the dataset down for sharing and sharing with family and friends. The complement of interactive capabilities is at the core of the report. The Power BI team has stated that the creation of a customized report theme is key for determining what factors are most important to enable business users to take action. In other words, the use of an interactive report designed around a theme developed around a similar problem, that provides a distinct theme for each solution. It provides a logical user experience. Lastly, the report serves as the repository for report files. The theme does not dictate how the file should be created. Each theme authoring team member hastheir own instructions on how to do this. Each theme page is “one page” with “Instructions.” In other words, the colors give an outline of the page and the instructions page provides the complete set of links provided to users via the report. This is actually a relatively simple task for a report theme. Instead of providing a set of generic instructions, the author provides a visual to interactively see the file owner and file system users who need access to the information provided. This is distinct from the need to ‘inform them’ through the file system or through a custom report. This visual is not a requirement when creating a theme. Likewise, the design of the color emphasis visual is not an aspect of its operation. Rather, the focus is on providing a distinct, interesting contrast to the contents of the report. Power BI Service Integration The theme installation and governance process For the purpose of this post, we’ve downloaded the Power BI service from Microsoft. If you downloaded the SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), then you will also need a Power BI Premium account. The default Power BI account is required for this example
