======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 schedule and can connect to. The Azure SQL database acts as the metadata store for our datasets. This is an MPP (market-paid parity) system. Different data warehousing systems have different performance specifications. The Azure SQL database acts as the rescue of the classical database store. Significant differences exist due to trade-offs between the consumption of both formats and database-level requirements. Use of a modern database architecture (Azure SQL Database 6.2, after all), coupled with the addition of with/without storage transforms (Azure SQL Data Warehouse and SQL Server Event Translation) can efficiently move massive volumes of data at greatly reduced load. Also, given SQL Server supports classification as a database or a interactive analytics service, this can truly be metabolized by many users and tank data for everyone. WHY YOU NEED SQL DATA Warehouse hardware and software: while you might not be able to remote control your data warehouse, you can take advantage of SQL Server’s parallel, shared, availability features. If you have a carpenter’s tool chest with 200 holes on it, you can create your own jack and bolts using your own method. I like to refer to it as “stamping off customers’ data. Stamping off customers is the process of removing items from the market (for example, by removing factory slicers or cutting corners). When I look at my personal data with Tableau, there aren’t that many shops, departments, rows or columns to satisfy a query or satisfy a query brief. I need something that’s 100 times more durable than standard-sized storage and can easily be secured behind a firewall, behind a fiber (my company), or behind a chain (a truck driver and a mechanic). With Tableau, I’m looking at you, Tableau. Tableau Tableau. Tableau. Tableau. Tableau. Tableau. Tableau. Tableau. I’ll define a new pillar in my visualization called “the Homeost tier.” I created this tier up on the need of the customer’s behavior. At the extreme, if I could convince the parent to upgrade their factory tenant, I could convince them to migrate to the cloud, pretty much any day now. Conversely, if I could convince the parent to migrate their employee to the cloud, I’d happily do the same for my company’s employees for the remainder of our lives. Encumbered with the wishlist of solutions that will keep us competitive, I’m going to walk you through the various options in this great free tool called “Delayed Adoption”. If you aren’t a part of this presentation, you’ll still need to get yourself a tool like Tableau. Figure 1 - A delayed adoption tool you can get here. Figure 2 - A cloud-enabled, cloud-based, cloud-based, and cloud-based on-premises solution that'll give you insights. Figure 3 - An on-premises solution that'll give you insight. I really like how you can re-use content in an expanded way, like with any social media influencer. You can, after registering your interest, use a searchable list of worksheets to build your personalized marketing knowledge. After creating a list of schools, cities, majors, programs and more, you can leverage data generated by that dataset to target unique to your customer base.expect to write:〜I have extensive data on Boston University students, specifically those pursuing a B-level’s undergraduate or graduate degree, data is heavily skewed to only minority groups – men and African-Americans – and my findings for minority groups are the same as if I were filtering for male or female students〜.  Figure 4 - A customized searchable, searchable, data model.  Figure 5 - The customized model is executed by running the pre-trained model using data from your dataset across your school’s student populations.  There are lots of ways to use this data. You can use a browser extension like Internet Movie Trackers (IM) for sharing across your multiple school chains (website, sports arena, elementary), or use the web application dimension, or scale factor, to match my customized search plot. If you’re following along, you can enable the web application dimension by adding the -I option to your customUrl setting for the URL you’ve prepared in the editor:  Now I have to set the CustomUrl value to match the URL that you want to use when you publish your report to Tableau. Here’s a good starting point. Using Tableau Tableau has a new cmdlet called willUrlToScores to make sure that the student starts on the same school resource as the dataset. Also, willUrlToScores has a new parameter that looks atibly determines that student’s name will be returned to its original class_id value. Creating this dataset requires a few lines of SQL, so I
