======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, the report doesn't have the necessary data to show the relationship between the time each measure was last calculated, the total time spent on each measure for each measure, or any other information. There is also nothing to track the overall time spent for a user interaction, so it's difficult to determine if the report is getting or leaving, or if data is trending downward. On the plus side, although the report uses Power BI's dynamic column-based reporting framework to provide contextual information to users, the limitations keep it on the downside. For example, the dynamic column does not have an integration point or hierarchy, so the columns can get lost in the flow of the data. In addition, if you only want to take an initial snapshot of time, you often end up re-indexing and re-visiting the report at every time the dynamic value changes. While those limitations don’t seem too bad in hindsight, they make them even more problematic after you begin to use Power BI. While Power BI is fast, it is difficult for users to create the right reports using PowerShell. The data modeling capabilities required to create the correct reports are not built into Power BI, therefore users must first create reports using Power BI. With Power BI, a Power Query tool called Power Query Report Builder is required to get reports up and running within a short time frame. This process can often take less than 15 minutes. In addition, Power BI only supports reporting for a short period, so the report can be updated by the user as needed. The time required to build Power BI reports is dependent on many factors such as the size of the report, current user features and the size of the report itself. The ability to create custom reports and use them as a starting point for your new product can be quite time consuming, but there are many great Power BI reports for all types of data. As a user can create reports that combine data from multiple sources with very simple PowerShell controls, you can create reports that take months to build, deploy, test and even create from reports created with PowerShell. In my experience, reports have a single purpose, so you can expect reports that can be shared between multiple users. These reports are particularly useful with data models such as SharePoint, Salesforce, and Power BI. While they may seem like an obvious solution, there are many tools available to create Power BI reports that are less obvious and less time consuming. In the next installment in this series, I will explore some of the many data modeling tools available in Power BI that will make your Power BI experience exciting, and I will also explore how to use a specific Power Query tool to create Power BI dashboards and Power BI charts for your own use. Until next time, have fun coding with PowerShell! "
"186" "What's the secret to having the most value executive pay employees? Why is it that much of what we value in the workplace is earned while most of what we want is invested in the business or in the nonprofit sector?  Is the salary distribution of power work, or do we have a culture of rewards and punishments where a CEO will put his or her best employees first, or do they turn to work when a CEO is scarce? In both cases, the answer is a firm-cum-industry one: It depends. Consider the CEO of General Motors. In an era of increased competition and price increases, the CEO must spend much more on overtime than he has on stock-based pay. This is a business that relies heavily on team morale and commitment to improving productivity. As manufacturing has lost its edge in technology, and as the cost of production is climbing, companies are turning to overtime to spend, on average, a CEO's annual salary. What is truly rewarding about owning General Motors is its success at turning costs up, and it pays almost completely in overtime. With an impressive record and deep record of growth, General Motors is a significant player in the modern manufacturing enterprise. From the days of the Great Depression, General Motors was one of the last high-paying, high-skill manufacturing plants in the United States. In its heyday in the late 1960s and early 1970s, General Motors saw high unemployment and the creation of a number of factory jobs, including electrician, machinery shop, mechanic, and plumber. Manufacturing was still on the rise, with sales up almost 40% between 1970 and 1980, and employment now accounts for more than 80% of sales in the United States. When General Motors was taken out of the business by the Great Depression, the company embarked on a dramatic restructuring to move away from the old days of a plant and into service. General Motors became a private company in 1979, and became a publicly traded company in 1985. Since then it has changed dramatically. The General Motors family has grown from a small family that was largely made up of the late first- and last-Generation Gen III customers, into a large family of companies whose total assets in 1985 were an astonishing $13.4 billion. Its assets come from $
