======== SAMPLE 1 ========
centered organization-wide, with individual client-centric governance where all users in the organization can focus.  Power BI Desktop is the newest user-based target of the tool, and is easily accessible within Power BI Service.  The new tool can be deployed as a standalone application (aaS) to your organization, or as a part of Power BI Premium production and can be hosted on your organization's Desktop site.   When is the last update shipped that shipped 2017/08/01? In the Q4 Most Recent update, the Power BI Desktop workspace was generally available on request. However, a maintenance backlog was still emerging, and not easily handled. Therefore, availability was being pushed out to those projects that already had access to Power BI Premium. What is the difference between Power BI Premium and Excel Sandbox? Power BI Premium is a cloud-based deployment of the Power BI service, and Excel Sandbox is a on-premises implementation of the same technology.  The term Excel sandbox refers to any set of files that reside in a data model embedded in a data source. Excel sandbox is synonymous with having a robust data model, as all the files contained in an data model have access to the same data model information. Both services are capable of running Excel, but adoption is limited to Power BI, since they reside on the same version of Windows. Do some data modeling experiments yourself and let me know what you find. It is certainly helpful to have a feel for how other vendor-built data models are available on Windows and would be a great source for inspiration.  When learning new things, take note that some capabilities are already deprecated in Power BI Desktop. Most of the popular UIs for rich user interfaces and modeling already exist; however, there is one visual that is new in Power BI Desktop: the Table visual. Table is an interactive visual editor that is included in the Power BI Service. It allows for the creation of integrated models that include multiple dimensions, supports multiple data types, and more.  As with many times in life, adoption is quick while functionality is first preferred. This is a fact that every data modeling expert agrees is important. You want someone that can quickly demonstrate an accurate and complete implementation of the situation while the data is being presented. Unfortunately, the Table visual lacks detail. If you ask many Power BI service administrators, the answer is no one likes detail. When introducing the new Table visual to existing users, one of the easiest ways is to point to quirks in the model. You want to be able to click on a table attribute and then choose the transparency tab. Simply remove the sheet icon from the table visual if you wish. The downside to these methods is the lack of performance optimization that was previously available. In this article, we want to highlight some performance and performance based features of the Power BI Report Server. First, you will need to create an Excelional that contains a table that contains every calculated column in a column table that is greater than or equal to 0.25. The feature set is limited to: SAS, SQL, Power BI, and Excel.  TableHeaders is an important field that needs to be weighed up with the other performance features included in the Power BI Report Server. With the new features, we can set the scoring scale from 0 (low) to 5 (high). Scaling should be limited to 1 point for smallest data sets and no change should be made to the scoring scale unless there is a direct challenge in the data warehouse or in the way in which the visual applies performance to reduce miss for measurements which are usually cleared before the graph even gets started.  TableHeaders gives the visual user the ability to set the column and line items to make it only clear when the visual is scaled up to larger pages. This is especially useful in situations in which: A large data set is being presented on a chair to multiple rows, which could be in the future truncated data should be truncated to make it appear at a smaller depth, which might remove the need to include details about the data set being presented. It is also important to point out that the scaling factor for a single file is 1.25, so the visual will truncate to make it appear at a depth of four columns. Any necessary size adjustments can be made on its own, but being on the device often limits its application to only viewing individual file types. The table also submits the timespan from the visual to the report, so any time changes made to the visual will be reflected in the visual performance report. Understanding the relationship between the report scaling factor and the table structure can help in understanding what can lead to a malfunction in the visual. Turn off the visual when it is not running when the user interacts with it. This can occur with any of the previous steps outlined. The table then submits the calculated measures to the table layout in the screen reader. This can be done by left clicking on the row and/or column name, value set, and data model name. The calculated measures will then be sent to the table for analysis.
