======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Data BI: Microsoft’s Power BI Features In addition to a rich cloud-based environment, Microsoft’s Power BI provides a set of capabilities to help organizations manage data and operationalization and leverage data for analytics, including: Automation of processing and storage: Utilizing Azure Machine Learning (AI) to quickly and efficiently perform statistical and BI tasks is a powerful data-driven offering. Automation can be automated in minutes by providing reports and actionable information. By enabling automated data processing within minutes, organizations are able to take advantage of the benefits of AI as quickly and effectively as they need to.’ Azure Machine Learning (AI) is available in the latest version of Azure, 2019. This stable release includes new features that enable advanced AI solutions to operate within the cloud. The new features enable machine learning on a wide variety of Azure workloads.  These tools help organizations tackle a variety of business scenarios and manage their data to leverage advanced analytics and powerful analytics solutions to drive a business of their choosing. With a large range of machine learning workloads, organizations can easily transform their data into something new and useful: Reporting: With Azure Machine Learning (AI), organizations can automate their own reporting and create reports that leverage AI to provide business insights. It is easier than ever to start prototyping, but with more freedom at your fingertips, you can create reports with the added benefit of visualizing more data.  Automation, such as this, provides flexibility to be used in a wide array of scenarios. Data Lake Analytics: Data Lake Analytics (DTA), or distributed, is a new cloud-based approach to building machine learning models that work through Azure as fast as a computer, making data preparation and analysis much more efficient. Data lakes can provide an economical, scalable solution for all sorts of data preparation functions, applications, and business logic, while allowing for easy integration and integration through the cloud. Additionally, DTA allows for many capabilities for modeling, analysis, and reporting, as well as advanced analytics and machine learning solutions. The data lake analytics features in Azure allow organizations to quickly and easily implement ETL-enabled data preparation and analysis, which significantly reduces the time to cost and complexity of ETL code. Power BI’s Integration with Microsoft Teams The integration between Azure Machine Learning (AI) and Power BI allows the data scientists and developers behind these solutions to collaborate on powerful and powerful machine learning and analytics solutions. In addition, the integration allows enterprises to create machine learning models in batch order, allowing for powerful machine learning tools for all types of scenarios including business intelligence, real-time data analysis, and business needs. Through these Microsoft solutions, enterprises can leverage this unified platform to leverage advanced AI capabilities to create real products. Data Lake Analytics Features “New “Data Lake Analytics integrates with Microsoft Power BI”. With Azure Machine Learning (AI), organizations can start with simple notebooks and get up to 80GB worth of real data. There are many new capabilities in the new Azure Machine Learning (AI) features that allow organizations to consume data in the cloud that is very quickly transformed into data stored in cloud-based data centers. If you need help with any of the Azure Machine Learning (AI) features, contact one of our dedicated Azure Cognitive Services solutions to help you leverage the capabilities. “Power BI”, the Power BI service in the Microsoft Azure cloud, is available now. For more information, please visit our BlueGranite’s website. About BlueGranite Microsoft “facilitates, guides and supports industry-leading Power BI and Databricks architecture solutions across the entire industry.” Ericsson, Canada, United States Ericsson, a Gartner Partner, recently delivered six demo megabrickss on the BlueGranite platform and deployed the Power BI Platform App in its San Francisco office. The demo megabrickss are powered by the Data Lakes Databricks family of tools. Data Lakes is the second largest cloud lake analytics client in the world. Ericsson expects to have the Databricks data lake platform supporting about 10 million customers by the end of the year. The Databricks family of analytics has been around for decades and was first released in 1998 by Microsoft. They were first used by BlueGranite (now BlueGranite) to run their own cloud-based cloud software, Azure Databricks. In the past, Databricks had to be updated frequently to run on new compute engines (Azure Cosmos), which could take years to make use of the new technology. With the release of Databricks, we now need to make use of a different technology to make the change to Databricks faster and cheaper. We built Power BI to replace the costly and time consuming current Databricks solution. After the Databricks update, we used the Microsoft Databricks Platform SDK (Release Control System) to get an environment that was mostly self-service and hosted on Amazon S3. After the upgrade, Databricks became available, allowing us to use it
