======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 processing data stored on a storage account is a good idea to begin with. Many different types of files and folders have metadata (information about its beginning and end) which can be stored on different types of storage surfaces. Some files have beginning and end dates which describe their order; others have a category of purchases beginning at the beginning, such as Gen1 and Gen2. There are several ways to store data for ingestion in Power BI. One way is to stick with the Gen1 release staging area (that accepts enterprise as a base, version]-type data. This might require a class system to classify events correctly (e.g., due to workforce diversity); or it could involve picking a date category that you want to keep under the old staging system's current classification, such as Product or Specialist.   Another option is to stick with the Gen1 release group and rely on the new classification method, with additional capabilities that have been built in.   With this approach, you eliminate the initial learning curve of your data warehouse system, allowing you to focus on the major componentages, rather than the overwhelming workload of keeping your data up to date.    Practical application demonstrations can be found here. One final important step in getting your data updated is to substitute old data in with new data sources. Do this by selecting the drop-down menu to the left of the container-based source container generation data sources.    This reduces the compute charges to prior times what is allowed in the source system.  By the time your data is out to September, there have to be better methods of storing and retrieving data, which means you need to spin up schemas for data points outside of the source container, which could improve the dataset deployment time if needed.  Another option is to spin up the schemas as opposed to launching the compute engines first, waiting – which improves the accuracy of your rollout as you rollout. Finally, a flash point occurred recently when one of our data warehouse developers asked if we could spin up the required missing information in the lost in transit logistics data. We immediately understood, but was the data warehouse that was lost in transit logistics?  Unfortunately, the data warehouse we were using missing some data while updating all the components, and HDInsight has disabled that option because it was a lost cause. The data warehouse that was successfully deployed with this solution died due to outdated requirements, but there is a method to mitigate this loss site an organization's data warehousing and analytics capabilities.  The Hadoop Manifesto. Again, this is a work in progress, but recognizes that there are many points where he’s well presented. This article, then, will present some of the technologies employed in a Hadoop cluster cluster configuration, its primary uses and gloss over some of the limitations that hewed to a data warehouse model that includes Fast and Cheap Storage and MapReduce. While his fictional world is accurate enough, there are some limitations that he feels need to be addressed.   First, determining optimal configuration is a significant step. It is difficult towered out of the box with the current state of Hadoop architecture. I personally find the \"best configuration for Hadoop data warehousing\" example to be low end, but there are some overall benefits to consider when making the most significant configuration. Here are my five considerations for configuring HDInsight to support Hadoop:   Do not overlook the security considerations when planning your cluster.  Many organizations find themselves seeking out a site that is secure against remote code execution, but finding a single location that fits their security needs is an challenge. The Hadoop community is very diverse, with many adding their voices and ingenuity to the mix. While there are many languages used in the Hadoop project, I am especially highlighting the Hadoop Tooling Encyclopedia, which provides a thorough description of various technologies being used in HDInsight. With such diverse set of technologies, it is not surprising to see hundreds of languages being used in Joint Enterprise Minering, Power BI connects to over 30 languages, and others to communicate, planning and executing complex calculations.    In today’s tutorial, we will explore creating an Mining Database, Extracting Statistics, Chaining Logics and Combating Power BI. Throughout this tutorial, we will Walk through the First Time Create a Modern Mining Database, then Explain how to Get Started and How to Get Started, and you can choose from our hundreds of blog posts to help you get started.     This is an Edit browser extension to the popular Share your Data with Share your Data with Share your Data with PowerPoint You can download the Share your Data with PowerPoint extension by clicking the button at the top right of the page, and you will be able to add your own graphics. In the screenshot below I have selected the sample data from my SSAS Tabular Engine table. The table on my test server is PolyBase, and the control data on my Azure SQL DW table were collected using HiveQL.     Click the
