======== SAMPLE 1 ========
i, we must get back to the core values of Cloud BI. To that end, the Cloud BI theme used for the report we are building is composed of a hybrid of both traditional Microsoft Business Search and Microsoft’s Dynamics 365 (.DFS) file types. Microsoft’s file formats for Excel, PowerPoint, and HTML documents are also considered to be the right level of visual accessibility. The use of a combination of traditional report themes and the Microsoft Cloud BI theme for Azure Machine Learning is certainly conducive to BlueGranite’s business value.  Note: You can follow along your own Cloud Business Intelligence experiment with this Microsoft Business Search theme!  "
"18" "Big Data has always been a big talking point for data scientists. Many of us seem to gravitate more toward machine learning code than the real world.  In order to get on the real-time strategy, we need to be able to learn things quickly.  It’s like this perception problem solving we find ourselves in:  (1) with our existing method for gaining knowledge;  or (2) with the world of data we create moving from a single to a distributed (or clustered?) environment.  The real question is: how fast should we start moving from our current silos to a distributed world?  We can start to move quickly here, by analyzing the trends in the data. In the graph below, we identify two key factors driving the three-dimensional cubes data frames we use in this experiment.  Notice also the significant jump in code size as we increase our data modeling vocabulary, as shown below. The key takeaway here is that increasing the vocabulary of the environment can significantly increase speed in moving averages, and this is where our new lexer, genr, comes in helps us gain access to much, much more than just genr. This experiment was only half it, but it was already slowly building up to becoming what I love most in the Cloud Data movement: fast, albeit slowly.  Below are a few sample lines of code. Use the sample code here to see the overall pace of change during the experiment in motion. At this pace, the probability of finding information in the Cloud rises by 1%.  Analyzing the data frame, we see that the first 100 samples of data are for a sample of 1 standard unit of mass (structure). By analyzing the entire data frame, and calculating the base number of Genr GenRs in the cubes data frame, I can make a prediction: The average speed of a Databricks cluster will be equal to that of a 2-fold commute. This is a great prediction app such as Power BI, as well as a very powerful one, to analyze the data from a couple of Databricks clusters, that were developed very recently. In this example, we will analyze the total time from start to finish for all Databricks clusterCPU clusters. It is a 2-fold commute: the faster the Ensembl based environment the faster the commute, while all other conditions apply there, including the number of nodes in a cluster and the cluster CPU. We’ll plot the same plot for all the samples.  The first graph contains the same data as the Ensembl based environment. It starts with 10 samples composed of 1 large unit of mass mass1 and 10 small units of mass mass2 mass3. In the second graph, we get 7 sample sets including 3 nodes, 1 cluster, 1 cluster CPU and 1 cluster Genr cluster.   In the third graph, we have 8 sample sets including 1 cluster, 1 cluster Genr and 1 cluster CPU.   In the fourth graph, we get 6 sample sets including 1 CPU chip, 1 cluster, 1 CPU chip CPU3, 1 CPU3 Genr chip and 4 CPU Genr chips.  It starts off slow, but by increasing the Cluster Genr clusterCPU’s score to +2 from +3 and adding in the CPU, the commute gets really fast.  The data is just starting to come together and the early gains in my prediction, as shown below, are starting to appear.  At this rate, we’ll build a cluster just on the CPUs and take great pains to create a space that is too small for the CPU or GPU. Then, the CPU or GPU would have to be updated to greater levels to match. It really starts to take a turn for the GPU or both when it comes to detail and performance.  Once the CPU or GPU are up and running, the cluster gets slow a little bit.  At this rate, once all of the CPUs and GPU are updated and running, they might take a little longer to get going…  The cloud data/motion movement paradigm allows for an unlimited amount of possible storage and processing capacity. To maximize that, or to allow for some level of granularization, we’ll need to model the data movement in terms of a finite area and/or too large of
