======== SAMPLE 1 ========
width: auto; background-image: url(//ngData/iStockImage.png); border-width: solid; } #content-type-label{  #cursor_width;  } #top-content-type-label{  #container_size_one {  color: #000; } #content_type-label{  #container_name: some other color, but gray!  }}     Table 2 shows all of the fields included in the token distribution. Beyond the actual token distribution, however, the data still has a lot of potential. It includes the unique identifier for every customer, detailed description of the customer’s history with each customer, and, for each customer, the date and time they first transmitted their data. For more advanced analysis, we could use the calculated column in the table:    table has a parameter to specify the column that will return the unique identifier for each unique column in the output data. Additionally, a column_by_column table will also give detailed descriptions of each column, as well as a date column to report the date and time of the column distribution.   dashboard.table returns a tarball tarball file with the JSON data and the corresponding dimensions. In my schema manager solution, however, I want to get the unique values for each dimension in my table. I could do that, but I’d want the chart to be resized to display the more common shapes on which my small sets of cubes live. The technique I’m going to use is as simple as changing the default color scheme that dashboard.table generates. When finished, your sensor will display along with the normalized column values for the selected dimensions, as well as the date and time for which you want the data to be displayed.  Warning: these changes for each consumption context are subject to change, particularly if you are planning to add additional dimensions. As always, we’re looking for new tips, tricks, and new practices to use in your confluent work. Reach out to us! We at BlueGranite and our clients like having  our experts way more than just 3-D Analysis Tools. That being said, getting started on an analytical workflow is certainly a possibility - if you’re committed to using Azure Analysis Services, check out our 3-day workshop here. Saturday, October 8th, from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. at the BlueGranite Training Center. Registration is by posting a ticket, and doors are open for sit-down meetings October 15th – November 3rd, 2014.  "
"142" "The big data and AI world is awash in excitement and innovation, and Spark is no exception. But was it designed for that? What about AI that is frequently overshadowed in the excitement? And for what reason?   In today's post, I’ll discuss some common pitfalls and some ways to move beyond the hype.    MINE CONSUMER ANALYTICS Gone amIamia, are we having a talk about data. Not analyzing, plotting, or optimizing our data platform. Not talking about upgrading our infrastructure versus 2nd party software. Not catching up with our smartphones or Windows-based Hadoop data analytics.   THINGS BUT MANAGING Gone amIamia, are we uncovering amazing new data? We breaking out terabytes of raw data monthly into buckets of data? We breaking out NTB data monthly into smaller data chunks? We doing that every day with our desktop work phone? I don't know, I don't know. I don’t know. If anything, I’ll be working at a standstill for a bit, as I’m going to start realizing just how slow the machine is. I find it interesting that so many establishment technologists promote themselves as being in favor of Big Data technology, but in reality, the opposite is actually true: technologist advocacy is all about getting technology deployed, got, and maintained! We have the data, the engineering estimates, and the planning the infrastructure the data is gathering impacts. We have the data, the planning the algorithms the data will be accessing, and the technical means to obtaining those estimates, the means to analyzing them, and the means to fulfilling those estimates. In addition to the positive benefits of better data provisioning, as well as the ability to score sites more efficiently, technology also provides a very negative one: the inability to procure it from more expensive, third party sources. In other words, if you could get an information technology company to put up photos of more open-source software, software such as Sensorsize or IoT, someone likely wouldn't be working against a non-hierarchical schedule. So how do we avoid the negatives of an unplanned obsolescence? Part of the answer lies in the fact that we don’t know when we might reach an point where we can do
