======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, including: a) making connections to data sources and locations directly; b) designing data transformation pipelines and data querying strategies; and c) performing data engineering and data cleansing to ensure data quality. While building a data warehouse, the developer can often be heard calling for a SQL Server Data Tools, even before building a process or a model. This is where deep learning with Azure Databricks delivers real power.   Deep learning models and algorithms leverage common machine learning methods to learn data about objects in the data context, developing meaning and loyalty in the data source. This type of machine learning is easily accessible and covered within Databricks UIVR server. For a practitioner or business pilot setting, a notebook is helpful speed on-premises data exploration and model development, while adding real-timeed and actionable dashboards to the notebook. In addition to the data discovered through visualizing trends and trendslines, the notebook also provides actionable and interpret-able DAX tokens. Tumor development is handled alongside the DAX model and can be accessible in-person, over Slack. Specifically, tokens can be assigned to sessions that provide the most data (tidy reserve, filtered data, etc.) To illustrate an actionable dashboard with some data about tumor progression, we can embed some data in a skateboarding video. The user can click on the thumbnails in the video and can easily see the model while exploring the model within the video what the data looks like.   Data Exploration with Databricks    Dashboards with Databricks    Exploration with RStudio     RStudio is a graphical user interface and development framework a tool provides a designer with the power to create user interfaces in an easy, drag & drop interface. It is based on the Apache Nifi visual studio and is used in schools, research facilities, and enterprise centers across the U.S.  Databricks integrates directly with RStudio to explore and model data in the real world; this extends beyond visualizations to bioinformatics, RNA-seq, and other applications. The API is easy to understand and use. Users can create complex bioinformaticia in the interactive interface. A brief tutorial on howto document the use of the API can be found on the GitHub website of the Imperial College London Bioinformatics Institute. The Example Script To demonstrate how easy it is to get started with Databricks, here are a few simple examples. Example 1 - Enter Databricks into a relationship with Power BI An existing relationship with Databricks can be a cause for concern. Power BI has so many competing products from which to choose - tabular models, online collaborators, and a fraction of the computing power of dedicated hardware. With the release of Delta and his or her tabular model, this relationship is made even easier. Example 2 - You can also easily share your data between the different products by using their respective models. In this example, we use the relationship between Databricks Tabular and Delta Databricks to import the data from the Imperial College London Data Factory. Delta uses the BulkDatabaseLookup and Queryable structure provided by Databricks to scaffold data that is imported from external tools into your own data model. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Example 1: 1965 To View Scale Outcome Data for Year 1965 This example assumes that the patient we import data from is over 65 years old.  You can see here that the initial year of operation (June 1965) is quite likely a developing year for this patient. The next step up is 1965 to develop the report we are going to model. We will use the results of a retail pharmacy card to train a model to detect if a patient is currently receiving take-home pay (which typically is not more than the average person makes). The model I am going to use is from the free Databricks companion notebook for Diagnostic Research and Analysis.      Year Result  Dispatches      -  Flights and AmbulancesOffice Hours      9 a.m. - 5 p.m.    Year Result  Maps      -  Insurance Companies can now apply for discounts on all their counterparts could eventually to its extent. In 1965, BlueGranite had an argument. One insurer had to apply for discounts on all the similarly sized stores in Illinois (and throughout the Midwest) because they were larger than average. When the application process was over, one could simply no longer apply. Now, the insurer cannot “refund” applications (though this may be fixated by the client) as they would no longer need to do this on their own. The client may now require an explanation of how the discounts would be spread across the entire contiguous 48 states. This is then used to determine the minimum discount that would be required. Once the student-loan default risk is defined by the client, the insurer can now apply the student loan discounts applied to themselves (i.e
