======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 it to provide a solution to help a small business with its Power BI licensing or use case. We’ll start at the top: it’s time-sensitive issues that will determine success and exploration, and shaping up success is never an easy process. We contend that collaboration is one of Modern Business Intelligence’s most fundamental pillars, and that good data analytics provides a path to approval, discovery, regression analysis, and nuanced assessment. To help you see it the right way, and to appreciate its limitations, we’ll spare you the details of our approach to the business intelligence roadmap, where we specifically detail what it means to work here, and explain why we believe so many senior developers are simply succeeding in the marketplace.  Modern Business Intelligence Project Overview The Modern Business Intelligence (NOW) Project is a Governmentally-Sponsored Program that provides technical, technical, and administrative guidance and support to commercial and non-commercial technical and administrative agencies over the next three years. This project is not one company’s Big Data platform solution, but rather we hope that it adds to the value chain by providing guidance and support for further additional requests from agencies, and helps other commercial agencies understand what makes their own big data solutions appealing to them.   From wikipedia to the Microsoft documentation: What is big data ?   Data quality and storage quality are closely related. One striking difference, and one that might represent an opportunity to address, or clarify,, issues, is that in both cases the information is handled as part of a larger process that’s nearly impossible to completely avoid. What is data quality and storage quality? What kind of data is distributed but is fragmented (users, tools, sources, formats, techniques) and from a technical perspective? How is the data distributed and standardized? Is the data contained in memory and can it be moved easily and cheaply? What about motion and volume? How about volume and shape? What about shape and size? Do large datasets, such as these, become too heavy for small tasks or tasks such as scraping or repeating? Again and again we hear about ways to simplify and align data quality and storage, or about associate data, that is distributed but stable. To our knowledge, this exists only now and then. A possible problem is whether to store data in the relative quantities we need (quantity or quantity) or in the relative quantities (quantity/quantum) and the problem is being addressed immediately. Any insights into how to address this problem would require abandoning old projects and turning to new ones. Enter the Modern Data Warehouse We have an urgent need for robust, scalable, and controlled analytics that deliver results quickly and efficiently, deliver scale and efficiency benefits using scalable platforms, and are entirely separated from those who prototype them as platforms. Without robust analytics capabilities, an enterprise will be outpaced, out-competes, or in lock down – all the while not forgetting what it takes to create what we want from our analytics tools. We’ve had some successes, some failed attempts at architecture, but any solution of that lifetime is at least as bad as the previous one. An apex could be reached with a graphical user interface, but that would be a colossal failure if implemented improperly. The world of analytics today is very, very diverse, and it only gets more diverse as the population of analytic users ages or the population of data science/data engineering developers age. Let’s look no further than our two most recent presidencies.   As the years go by and the number of users grows, one has to wonder if the first was a positive influence. The initial one was, in fact, a success. Between the initial batch of reports in 2019 and the rapid improvements to the current version I started to see that the balance of power wasn’t completely reversed. I think the pivot to a unified business intelligence platform in 2019 helped to avoid some of the negative legacies from presidencies being spread more thin, but what about the future?   “Things haven’t changed much in 2017, but the possibilities for growth and collaboration continue to grow. If you need help keeping an eye on the forecast, contact us today and we will be able to help you move your business forward.”  My prediction: if the right conditions are met the long-term viability of Azure data services will be in the unified analytics space. With a phased release in Q1 2019, Microsoft expects Azure data services to revolutionize the way organizations combine their Digital Transformation with their Analytics. Whether you’re familiar with Azure Data Warehouse (ADW), Azure SQL Data Warehouse (DST), or Azure Data Science, you can be 100% certain that those will both are going to provide your organization what they want in return for your backed workspace. If you already have an ADW latencies policy, or have been pushing years (!) projections, this should be no surprise. If you already have a DST schedule, both (but not limited to) ADW and ADWxx
