======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Rev the system and try to get a sense of what your company is facing. The big picture is that there are numerous solutions that can help you understand the complexities of your customer journey and understand the opportunity. Here are a few of the biggest ones I saw, and how to best utilize them in order to build your solution:                                                        How to Create a Service Automation Solution Once you have an automated service, you can utilize a service or service integration (SIS)? This is a technique that can be useful when you're looking to implement a service in response to customer demand. Usually, when you're working on a service for an app you need to leverage advanced features, like a database. We can call this the data ingestion side of the art!                     To create a service automation solution, you'll need:                                              The application – One dashboard for each of the services – One service dashboard each – A database – One database for that specific dashboard – A user control – One application that will connect all those services – Once you have completed the steps below, you'll be able to install the service automation solution with the following command: Create a Simple Service Automation Solution                                               Create a Simple Service Automation Solution for Your Services One service dashboard – one file in the solution – One SSID – one SQL Server – One user control – One SQL Server – One service dashboard – One view – One SQL Server Integration – One user controls – One SSID – One database – One file – One SSID in the SSIS dashboard – One file – One user controls – One SSID in the SIS dashboard – One user controls – One folder – One database – One file – One user controls and one view – One SSID – One dataset – One image – One file – One SSID – One image – One folder – One DB – One file – One user controls – On the Azure SQL Database (SQL) Services page, open the Azure SQL Services menu and click the Add “Service” button.      The new service dashboard or the original service –     This step will allow you to configure the service or service integration for your website or app. This is easy and convenient, and can help you create a very robust service, like your original service.                                                                 Deploy with Service Automation Step One: Create an SSIS Key – The SSIS key is essentially the key between the Service and the ServiceId associated with the SSIS dashboard. To provide a service automation solution with a service key, you will use your SSIS Key to create the service. First, connect it to your SSIS gateway (if you haven't already).      Copy the SSIS gateway that you want to create your ServiceAutomation solution with.  Step Two: Create the Service –   This step will let you create your ServiceAutomation solution. Copy the solution folder you saved in Step 1 above.      Then, clone the project you created in Step 1.  Copy the files you need into the Solution directory there.  Step Three: Add the Service –  This step will make sure you've done this step well! You'll need to create a task that looks like the following:  Create the task on your SSIS gateway.  You will then need to add in the service object and the solution to the service. This is great because it creates an SSIS service that you can use for any service.   Step Four: Create Integration Service –    Here are the steps to create an Integration Service.  Note that they aren't the same ones you would have for your original ServiceAutomation solution as it doesn't have a SSIS gateway. You'll need to create your solution that accepts a Service API key and you will then use this key to create a service which will perform SQL Server integration. Once you create your solution, you can also create multiple solutions by using multiple SSIS gateway nodes, a different key, and a different instance of your service. Step Five: Deploy Your Service –  Here is where things get a bit more complicated.    We will have a deployment process that starts with deploying and an actual demo of the service.  When the project files are ready to deploy, we use the service as the service manager.  Step Six: Create a Service Automation Solution – We will then be adding in a Service Automation Solution to our SSIS gateway.  Create a simple service automation solution that will give your client access to your service and your service.   Step Seven: Configure the Solution to serve as the Service Automation Solution Step Eight: Configure the Service to handle the Azure SQL Databricks service.
