======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 speeding data is becoming cheaper and faster to process, and deliver, whereas proprietary platforms such as Azure do not offer the flexibility required by the workload. Azure does not have an end-to-end timeline for rolling out Power BI solutions, but it could take several to set up a large quantity of scheduled, repeatable user content consumption. Additionally, there is no underlying cloud service provider to store and deploy custom graphics or visuals. While custom visuals are cool in and of itself, putting them in Azure should be. As with all advanced analytics solutions, Azure data sources can be stored/streamlined in Python using Azure SQL DatabaseTools or Node.js using Azure Data Factory. Since the solution is still in the early days, many of the key features aren't present in publicly available versions of Power BI, and features are limited in some areas. There are some limitations with cloud solutions today, such as the high latency of cloud storage, but, as technologies continue to emerge, Azure should provide an especially appealing option for a \"premium\" analytics solution. In addition to the capabilities offered by Azure, many of the businesses currently leveraging Power BI should stick with traditional BI, as these are platforms that companies can deploy and scale their applications well. With a cloud-based environment, any team can deploy and scale their own technologies. Going into Power BI Premium, there were many platform options, and many choice Platform offerings. The platform options within that pricing level are still in development, and there are some common ones for different BI offerings.  Cloud-based offering: with a cloud-based environment, BI developers can start to use a batch process for developing and continuous learning/demos for their solutions. Projects that begin production within a cloud-based environment will begin with the environment’s native BI features, and production will continue with the different versions of SQL Server 2016 that exist. As for Power BI Premium, it is, by far, the most attractive to take part in, and rightly so. However, the important part isn’t finished within a few weeks time of participation unattended, and the organization has a lot of interest in the end-user experience.” The important part in purchasing Power BI Premium is the experience within a cloud-based environment that connects to the Power BI Service. There is no additional cost for this service, as long as the user completes a licensing process. There is also no need to try to do up-to-date code and HTML via manually running ETL or S3 buckets. As for purchasing Power BI Premium, there are some services that exceed the services cost by a factor of ten percent. Pricing-wise, that is a no brainer, but it comes with a pro-rated license that helps pay for the number of uses that you’ll consume across the cluster, and a pro-rated license for your private sessions. Finally, the pricing is in line with other technologies (like cloud-based solutions) that encourage ownership, not consumption, of your data. Power BI Service: what are the benefits?  ~ Microsoft ~ Power BI service offers the same functionality and pricing as other BI services. No separate licensing, instead, through the Power BI Service Usage statistics identify which users are accessing your reports. Power BI Service Usage statistics identifies whether you are a monthly, weekly, daily, or daily active user. Feature gaps are often minimized when using Power BI Report Server. Additionally, while Power BI service provides functionality to create interactive visuals to measure your data volumes, interactive reports are usually more expensive than static reports that are based on built in visual filters.  What’s the Difference Between Power BI Premium and Power BI Premium for less obvious reasons?   You might be thinking that Power BI Premium is not worth it for a lot of the features you might not have been aware of. In actual fact, it may be a benefit to you to know the details behind or use for your organization. With a Power BI Premium subscription, you will be able to see and interact with data in Power BI Service from a highly convenient location: the web (or mobile device). From what we understand from marketing and sales representatives for BlueGranite, Power BI reports are delivered using the web browser we are using on our laptop or other devices. We do not know if Power BI Premium Power BI service users are using mobile apps, pages, embeddable content, or Excel-based reports. We do know though, that with Power BI service, you will still be paying a monthly cost, as is the case with Premium capacity. What does that mean? Simply put, you will not be seeing any of the other useful reports that you will be getting from your Premium capacity counterpart. We are making content available via Power BI service from a highly convenient location. Thereafter, we are calling our own shots developing compelling visualizations for our clients. If you are interested in learning more about how we can help you along the way, please contact us."
"77" "Power BI Report Server (PBR) is an operating system that enables users
