======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 about.  It also opens up the possibility to use pre-built code for interactive use. Just as in Java, the more advanced the system, the more horsepower you get when using Power BI.  This was also the case for SQL Server Databricks, which also offers advanced features like batch and plug-and-play processing, interactive analysis, and Power BI integration with Azure Analysis Services (AAS).  Power BI has all these features, but the ability to make use of a cloud-based product like Power BI allows for some really exciting possibilities for enterprise solutions! One of the more exciting features of Power BI is the ability to create PowerApps, which can be used to import data directly from Azure Databricks or get a quick demo of your innovation-fueled product.  It's a huge step forward for BI practitioners who could be building something very big, and may even build a giant, serving requiring your business as you once again depend on a small amount of super-sized, but incredibly powerful.  In other words, once this becomes common (and it seems like it is), you can deliver something that is incredibly fast, but very expensive and labor intensive to do, and leave your enterprise in quite a bit of time.  While there are plenty of exciting options out there for building Power BI-focused applications, the main issues that our client had were with BI tools simply not available in the cloud.  These issues did not allow us to proactively manage our technical staff and create solution time-ups, however we did manage to get Power BI from Azure to take advantage of the cloud model.  While adoption by both business and IT teams is encouraging, Microsoft is ready to take the next step in enterprise innovation. We would like to hear your thoughts on how BlueGranite is using Microsoft Power BI in our self-service and enterprise solutions programs. Or, contact BlueGranite to explore how we can help with your next BlueGranite project. "
"186" "In today's data-rich world, when working with a data warehouse, moving and filling data can be automated. As a result, Power BI can now be utilized almost anywhere. Whether you are a data analyst, an IT professional, an analyst, or a citizen of the past, you already know that moving data is automated.  In this next section, we will enumerate the data points to understand as you explore the new features in Power BI.                           0: Table-driven reporting In a previous post, we discussed the new ability to easily shift and reset data in the data point bar in Power BI. In a world of tabular models and self-service reports, there is also always the option to shift data back and forth between different pages of the report. In fact, using this feature for changing data in a data model can result in saving lots of time. The new ability to create tabular models on the spot will also speed up the need for saving tabular models in Power BI, as well as save some time when you are looking to pivot into a Power BI aggregation tool like Microsoft Dynamics.    As you explore the new features of the Power BI Service, you will notice that a few of the pages in the new Power BI report do not have the built-in shift feature, other than shifting data back and forth between different pages of the report.     This might be a preview issue, so I won’t go into it here. On the contrary, I will just point out that this is where Power BI comes in.    This new ability to pivot into different data sources will allow analysts and data engineers in a scenario like where they may need to pivot to a BI dashboard, and vice versa.   When you click the arrow on the right of the report for data that would be shifted to a different page, it appears as if it is a single line of data. It does not.  This will result in a lot of legwork to the point where the end user will have to ask themselves “Am I all dependent on one dashboard?”    And when the data pivot is complete, Power BI will allow you to reorder your reports based on the data page that you have created. Maybe you can also add a table for the order of your pages, or even define time-ups based on the change in data values. You will not have to go through BI support to see how Power BI can dynamically pivot between different pages on your reports. You will be able to spin up a custom reporting solution based on your reports and Power BI will leverage this fact to your advantage. While there are a couple of caveats to bear in mind, the feature will be rolled out to your organization very soon. Here are three reasons: 1) The new pivot feature is available as a free update to the Power BI Service; 2) As
