======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 everything as a whole. For this post, I'll use the image below to showcase a small yet powerful feature of your organization’s SQL Server R environment: The R Data Connector. The R Data Connector is the connector between data stream processing engine RDF, data warehouse, and other SQL Server components. The R Data Connector connects to an inbound SQL Server relational database (RDBMS). RDBMS is a popular relational database in relational databases. For the purpose of this blog post, I’ve created a simple SQL server application using this connector, and I’ve used it to connect to the underlying SQL server at home.  The R Data Connector connects to a RDBMS RDF connector. RDF Connector:  Contains data transformations.  The RDF Connector will connect to the data warehouse, and then to the data warehouse itself.  A single connector, one that connects to RDF, connects to RDBMS, and the other to a database. SQL Server RDF Connector:  Connects to the database and RDBMS data warehouse concurrently.  This is another application that connects to the database. As you can see in the screenshot below, I connected to a single database at home. Note that there are many other examples of applications not using RDF at the same time. It’s very common for RDF to be used together with other systems in an enterprise solution. The Data Warehouse Connector:  Data Warehouse Connector   All data is put into a centralized place for the user to store his data. An RDF server connects to this RDBMS when a user connects to it. This connector connects to the Data Warehouse as the user connects. This is a great application for RDF because it can be built and deployed in less than 10 minutes. The Data Warehouse Connector:  Connects to a data warehouse at the user’s pleasure, where data is stored.  This application connects to it a few times in a row, as opposed to pulling data from a Data Warehouse every time. It is an easy solution for many organizations looking to build an integrated database solution. RDBMS Connector:  A connector between a relational database and other RDBMS components.     In these RDBMS applications, data is stored independently from the data warehouse. Data Warehouse Connector:  This will connect the RDBMS to the data warehouse itself.   This app connects to a Data Warehouse, connected to the Data Warehouse Connector, connects to it, connects to a particular instance (the Data Warehouse) in a RDBMS, connects to it, connects to a specific RDBMS Connector, connects to Data Warehouse Connector, connects to Data Warehouse Connector, connects to the Data Warehouse Connector .   The Data Warehouse Connector connects to a SQL Server. The Data Warehouse Connector connects to SQL Server RDBMS. RDBMS Connector:  This will connect the RDBMS to the data warehouse in the User Account Control (UAC) cluster, where data is stored.  This application connects to it a few times in a row, as opposed to pulling data from a Data Warehouse every time.   The Data Warehouse Connector is connected to a SQL Server which is another application of SQL Server. An application is an application of SQL Server running on an RDB MS database. The app connects to the Data Warehouse using a connection from the RDBMS. The SQL Server connects to it using connection strings. There is also a data connection to the database using connection strings, but this application connects to it like any other application.  This application connects to it like any other application.  The Data Warehouse Connector:  This is the application of the Data Warehouse.  This app connects to it as if it were a regular RDB MS application. The Data Warehouse Connector connects to Data Warehouse at the user’s pleasure. It acts the same way as the Data Warehouse connector, but it connects to it like any other application. It connects to it automatically for it. This connector is easy to add.  This app has connections to other applications, like a Salesforce application, and Data Warehouse Connectors. It works similarly to the first application of a SQL Server. The  Data Warehouse Connector:  This application connects to it in the middle of the night to connect to the Data Warehouse. Data Warehouse Connector:  This is the application of the Data Warehouse. It acts the same as the Data Warehouse connector, but communicates by using connection strings. It connects to the Data Warehouse by connecting to a Data Warehouse on AMQTT. It then connects its data back to the Data Warehouse. This app does not interact with the Data Warehouse connector. The  Data Warehouse Connector:  This is the application of the Data Warehouse. It does not act the same as the Data Warehouse connector, but it does interact with it. It works the same as the first application. The  Data Warehouse Connector
