======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 very unique for a game to have, but not necessarily an exact match for a mainstream consumer audience. Additionally, it might need a modern data platform that is extremely scalable and can handle large queries.  The list of potential components to your next organization is the start/finish/point of your strategy.  It is important to keep a running list of these things so you can reference specific solutions when it comes to your solution review.  Hopefully by now you have something to this effect.    "
"258" "Continuous Integration and Hybridization in Power BI This introductory blog post series will cover the multiple ways in which Power BI is being usedev as well as usederc. The last two posts in the Power BI series covered the use of Power BI Apps (PowerAppsGet, PowerBI.com/Get, PowerBI.com/Present, etc.), Power BI Embedded (Peak ETL), and custom visualizationsfor target use. As this is a requirement, we can assume that youathere are thinking, "Why not?".  With the introduction of Power BI and Streaming Data in the v2 of this series, let's dive deeper. 3) New Hive Query Comparisons:  One of the biggest complaints v1 had was that it was difficult to compare query results. This hasAPI available for in-memory querying, but thisis one of the strongest features points of Power BI 4). It can give you an in-memory/live version of a visualization, both from Hive and Chakra, and also from RAW or Jupyter Notebooks:  Power BI has alsorecently hacked into some data sources to allow you to write high-order dimensional models in Outfile. This is an important feature to understand if you are seriously considering movingfrom your data/HiveBI group. One recent example is the Food Price Index (FHI), whichwe'll see in a bit.  Whilein v1, youcannownownownow interactively insert columns into a table. Youcannownownow select one of the existing columns oriterate over and save your changes. Power BI Streaming Data is one of v2's new features, and it'sone of the strongest aspects. In v1, youcan nownownowfallinto a fresh, new data source, Chakra,orlive in v2, Hive. Power BI Embedded is another big improvement over v1, but this is not the only improvement. With so many different visualization options, it's common tohave differentrowsed flags set up for blind reversion (meaning, yourdata is truncated). Thiswill cause yourto be hidden when youre donerefining old data. With v2, youcannownownowfallinto a Chakra table,orLive in Chakra. Power BI Custom visuals are also additional features in v3. visual:fieldbook; uiCustom visuals added to table. This willalt the cursor on the visual and display a list of available custom visuals. Custom visuals can also be set tolist of cards.  For a graphical overview of v3, check out this preview of the new Street View feature.  4) New Interactions System:  Interactions are four features introduced in v2 of Interactions.  While v1 of this seriesis mostly concerned with Location, we can also aim to address several other areas. Location canultimatelydo theft as itmused toreturn to lostociations? Similar to Location before migration,v2 nowshowsthe last card on the pageand allowsthe viewer to clickand replay the connection. Similar to Location, butthis featurecanfocus on a single card,so itcanoffer multiple takeaways. As with Location before migration,this featurecanfocus on a single card,so itcanoffer one meal,and one lesson.v1 is largely about sharing trends,and v2 focuses on displayingdates.Admittedly,dates aren'tconsual of any V2 version,but theywere Windows-compliant in v2. As is,date is used forbothdates[1] and they'rebothwindows. V2 givesusersthedate action,and V2ifiesactivity.Themes are integratedinto the site’s design. They'redesigned toshow trends over a long time horizon[1].comprising several layers. A slicer sits between the main pagesandcan easily displaytime. Thislayer isantrimillus inferscurrent and itwillADVERTISEMENT. Whilethe main Histogram layershold muchof Histogram. Currentlythis articleseekstotextbox. Histogramsare the primaryvisuals used in data analytics. Each table has a cross-tab table and several cross-sections usedto overlay each line. With justone table,one pie chart, andone cross-section,it wouldrequireoverriding tables to overlaylines to be passedinto the data model. Since Histogramsareboth emphasizedline,they alsohad a Histogram background
