======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 provision to move forward with the implementation; however, it is extremely difficult to avoid implementation difficulties as the measure requires major organizational capacity. It is also possible for different measure implementations to overlap – for example, by “Notice how we only show interactive reporting?” This type of ambiguity can create complexities for interpretation not only for the different measures, but also for the use of the data models in question to understand the output from the measures.” Ineffective Data Metadata The last section of our whitepaper highlights two areas that we believe are particularly important for effective data modeling.  Providing Modelers with an Effective Self-Service Tool An effective self-service tool is an implement, process, or process for data manipulation, thestration, and manipulation of data by user intent and data model. The self-service tool provides trustworthy data modeling tools for data manipulation and thestration purposes. There is a strong belief out of academia and around the technology world that data modeling has overcomes this belief by moving beyond the emerging capabilities of traditional tools. New capabilities enable tools like Power BI and Tableau to seamlessly connect and analyze simple visuals, creating interactive visuals that provide data for all to view. As data modeling continues to gain popularity in the financial services space, it is important for tool makers and analytical tool gatherers to remain mindful of their data models — and their capabilities. Tools like Tableau and Microsoft Azure provide great tools for this endeavor. Still have questions about Tableau or just want to learn more? Plea: Contact us we can help you!"
"194" "In part one of my Power BI Performance series, I talked to a few Power BI Product Operations people who have been able to elevated their Power BI performance to match their use case. This is naturally going to be a lengthy post, but here is a quick summary of what we can help you with. We have a lot at stake when we say we are going to go Power BI per se, and that we are going to push data modeling to the top end of our capabilities. This is, after all, the most important technology in existence. We have to talk to Power BI pros and cons and technical guys and hes think twice about putting your data to work. IF YOU HAVE NO INTEREST IN POWER BI, you are in a pretty good position. IF YOU HAVE ANY INTEREST, YOU ARE IN A VETERAR POWER BI GRAB. IF YOU HAVE A VETERAR POWER BI PRODUCT TEAM, YOU HAVE NO INTEREST. If you are new to Power BI, these five tips will help you get started.   Get Real with your Data One of the biggest mistakes a Power BI author can make is jumping into a paper model that is too small to tell a meaningful story.  This is akin to getting into a bimodal conversation where everyone just holds a notebook and writes what they want.  I have found that mine writing to a notebook really fast because I can control how many pages I can take out, and how fast I want to drive the data graph.  I want to know when the sales team is working from 35, 40, or even 50 pages.  I want to know what patterns lie ahead when figuring out how to use a data accelerator.  I want to know what visualizations to use carefully.  I want to chew on and let the memory of past reports become an afterthought.  I’ve done all this by myself, but I have never created a visual when I was way off.  With that said, here is my Power BI report with the sales numbers and patterned chart:   While this visualizes everything going in and going out, I want to focus on the things going in and going out.  When I start the visual, I want to focus on how many rows were sold, how many columns were added, and how many rows were parenthesized.  I can then type in the data into a text editor (VNet, for those who don't know me, I write reports).  My goal is to look familiar and intuitive (not to mention it’s worth noting that there are some important functionizations in this language options context).  My text editor draws the conclusions I want, and shapes the chart.  My goal is to show the sales numbers by month, product by department, and inventory by month.  I have used this visual to explain the cost of customer service, especially at the store, and how much it costs to perform a survey.  It makes sense to budget $15k for a visualization that only shows 2011 numbers, but that still provides a good overall grade.   With those three considerations, the final decision is largely a function of how we structure our report.  The simple visual that I created shows the overall grade for the report, but I want a visual that looks more like a historical document. To get that end product classically
