======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 requires as much data as you need (e.g., if it is not possible to scale to over 100TB of storage within 15 days from the date you applied to apply). The data will not be shared with third parties who are not aware of your existence. This can increase your risk of fraud because the organization is relying on your data for all of the processing that should be performed on your application. When processing an application, your data processing must happen within the limits set out in your application security guidelines. These limits apply to all events; there may not be any limits on the number of connections allowed or an appropriate threshold to ensure integrity of the data generated. If your organization does not have an applicable application security guidelines, the processing must first happen within those limits and then it must be documented for anyone to access.  Data Governance: To ensure your organization has a robust security policy, you need to obtain approval from the Security Council. If your organization has approved security policies, and if you have an organizational audit trail, you can request audit logs. If not, you will need to request a security council meeting or vote. Please review our section on audit logs for more information. Audit Logs and How to Request a Secret Audit The audit logs we have listed below are all from internal oversight bodies. Audit Logs If you have access to a sensitive data source or a critical infrastructure site that you need to conduct data analysis for, you may have questions about the accuracy of your audit logs. In general, audit logs are highly sensitive, and audit functions will require additional authorization before an organization can audit your application. You can find the details on our list of audit logs to request. One audit log that is particularly sensitive should be audited is the one we listed above, as these audit log files follow our audit function guidelines. The following procedure will not apply to production use cases: Using a Product Management Log (PML) as the subject. We have a Product Management Query (PQA) security audit coming up. Should my application access data be published through an external provider such as a third party? A PQA audit that does not use the Product Management Query (PQA) will create an audit trail requiring approval. How can I request a message from the Security Council to be audited? When you are processing an application, make an appointment to schedule an appointment with one of our engineers to schedule a task to be audited. Your application should be available to be evaluated for application security if the team is not already aware of the security policy. Contact us today and we will be happy to assist in scheduling an appointment.  If you are requesting the PQA audit, we would love to help.  Just call us at 1-800-276-5555 or send us a text or email and we will be happy to assist in scheduling an appointment.  Have questions about Microsoft Power BI Mobile Performance Test Data Extraction? When & Where
Icklenburg Pershing-Jackson Atlanta-based data and analytics giant Microsoft announced a partnership this week to offer an Insider Program for Insiders to create and share a custom Power BI report in minutes. The Insider Program is a way to give back to the community by sharing the output of their own report creation in the Power BI App with the title, "Create a Power BI report. Post your findings to Twitter, Digg, and Facebook."       "
Jason Rowland  is a Microsoft MVP and principal at BlueGranite, which provides solutions for IT and BI design through a multi-platform strategy. He's spent over a decade working with clients and clients' clients throughout various industries, including retail, healthcare and healthcare analytics, data and analytics, and health and life management. Although there are plenty of benefits to data exploration and manipulation in the data business, he says there are many areas where Power BI can be both versatile and useful for teams. In today's fast-paced industry, where analytics can be targeted at any technical area and broad audiences can be flexible about specific approaches, we recommend Jason’s fellow BlueGranite employees take a look at two of Microsoft’s upcoming Power BI products: Power BI Ten and Power BI Workload. Want to learn more about this exciting opportunity or how BlueGranite can help you create effective solutions? Contact us!"
"122" "Many organizations today find themselves searching for true data scientists when they can't get the data they need to make informed decisions, or can’t make the call to consider an industry-high cost -$3,600 for an unstructured, unsupported source of data? It’s not difficult to see why BlueGranite is excited to be recognized as a leader in offering data scientists such an advantage. With over 30 years' professional experience with data and AI, BlueGranite’s leadership has the experience and skills to leverage technology to support its clients’ goals of efficiently achieving ambitious new data and analytics
