======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the way things are for organizations now that have all the tools you need to create data in any organization that exists. You can also make a series of changes to your organization’s design and technology to provide flexibility, security and business-oriented features that make data-oriented organizations work better.   In just days, BlueGranite will be adding Power BI to our team’s portfolio of advanced analytics solutions. For more information on BlueGranite’s expertise and what it provides, please contact us today!   For more information, please contact us today! We are excited to share that our latest offering in the Power BI family, Mobile Insights, can also be used across all four of our BI technologies: Power BI – https://www.blue-granite.com/en/power-bi-mobile-insights/ Power BI provides a modern way for data scientists to create interactive Power BI reports. Power BI Report Builder – https://powerbi.sourcech.net/PowerBIReportBuilder Power BI Mobile Insights – https://mobileinsights.powerbi.com/. Power BI Report Services – https://report.powerspeech.com/. Power BI SharePoint Report – https://sharepoint.powerspeech.com/. Mobile Insights – https://mobileinsights.powerbi.com/.    "
"27" "Microsoft SQL Server SQL Server – now known as SQL Server, is a new, distributed, and/or managed offering developed at Azure. It replaces and extends Microsoft’s SQL Server, but includes its own suite of technologies and capabilities to better connect to and serve data from multiple data and compute environments. The newest version of SQL Server and their subsidiaries were also named in honor of those new technologies and capabilities.    SQL Server 2019 The SQL 2020 is a platform-as-a-service offering that expands on both the SQL Server and SQL Server Data Warehouses by offering the ability to deploy and manage software solutions for the cloud. It introduces a scalable and self-service solutions architecture that simplifies the design and deployment of organizations to the platform. It also improves the integration of existing software and platforms and allows companies to scale projects from zero to dozens of users at a time.        "
"28" "Microsoft has been using the “always on” security feature in its Azure SQL Database Suite for quite some time. The always on” feature is one of the most fundamental security features in Azure SQL.  Azure SQL Database Suite has had a long and passionate relationship with SQL Server since it was first announced.  Today, its adoption is a natural extension of Azure SQL Database Service, Microsoft’s open-source database solutions.    Azure SQL Database Suite provides a single location for users to connect to, modify, and delete rows from SQL Server database tables. Once a database is modified or deleted from the database, the user can interact with the database by clicking the “toggle” button located on the left-hand side of the SQL Server dashboard. Azure SQL Database Suite can also be used to perform business logic-basedly within an application without having to code. This ability to do business logic-basedly with SQL Server is crucial for organizations who want to deploy new SQL Server data solutions as part of a larger solution-as-a-service solution. In addition to database queries, Azure SQL DB can also easily be used by data-service administrators to ingest data from multiple systems simultaneously using the unified processing engine (UFF) of SQL Server and SQL Server.  SQL Server and SQL Server Data Warehouses are only a few of the existing benefits of SQL Server as a general-purpose database and SQL Server as a platform for a wide range of business applications.  Many organizations are thinking of using Azure SQL Database or Azure SQL DB for data integration and integration of disparate data sources. As Azure SQL Database is still evolving and may require significant management changes, the ability to integrate disparate data sources will still be an important consideration.  Azure SQL DB also continues to mature into an enterprise-wide solution with more SQL Server workloads enabled by the day, Azure SQL DB 2.0.    For more information, check out Microsoft’s blog post here. Microsoft has been very clear about its support for Azure SQL DB, detailing how Azure SQL database is its unified platform and the functionality it provides. Azure SQL Database Suite adds a lot of new functionality to Azure SQL Database and SQL Server. Microsoft is pleased with the improvements that have been made to the data and analytic solutions. Microsoft's cloud solutions such as Azure SQL Database, SQL Server, and Data Warehouse are available for purchase in the Microsoft’s retail store. Azure SQL Database is also a great choice for serving large volumes of data in a scalable and self-service architecture. Want to know more about Azure SQL Database or Azure Synapse? Or try 
