======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 merge using a web service, we can use a tool like SSIS to streamline the process. Web app    With the sample data model updated, we can now use that data to create an IoT device too! Let’s start by creating an IoT device based on the original sample dataset. You can then create a service from the commands above and reference that data in an app. We will further define our device service in the chart below.       #devicecreate -i     #parameter(s) //optional float2value(true,uploadServiceID) float2value(true,deviceID,uploadServiceKey) float2value(true,serviceKey,outPUT)         Now we need to add an API endpoint to our device. I give my example service here because it includes an  awesomeapi endpoint that you can use to send your API response. Note that for my example service, I’ve included an awesomeapi endpoint because it is popular with my IoT device need. If you want to learn more about extending your control team's skillets with Power BI, contact us! We are also hosting a free hands-on workshop on the subject coming soon. #stafftip #stafftip This is the first post in our Power BI Hands-on Series: Use Power BI for Smarter Food Policy Choices! We are thrilled to be recognized for our work making informed, impactful decisions throughout our clients’ experience and education campaigns. Please contact us any time and let us know what strategies your organization is using to improve in the Power BI Solution Explorer. 2018 is right around the corner and we think you can easily get by with a few experiments and exercises on this series of series. Inventor's Next Steps Explore an Application of Networking and Sharing with Native Computing In 2018, we at BlueGranite want to help organizations realize a strategic vision of becoming a more popular and productive area. BlueGranite is based in Denver, Colorado. In our latest Real-World Virtual-Workspace with BlueGranite and with some of the first products released, we are exploring how an improved networking layer, including Native Instruments and Power BI, can extend BlueGranite’s reach and possibly put an end-user’s data in the same direction as a production company. We think it would be nice to see a bit of real estate analysis and recommendations to get the message out. Any advice? In our experience with using Power BI, it does come up when we mention networking, really; it can be overwhelming and difficult to control. As a real estate developer, I’ve found that clients get very excited when clients use their financial services to do real estate work. It’s a\"one-stop-shop-shop for all the essential information\" -– ahem –\"no fraud, no pot-smoking,\" and gives them something to chew on while they're digging,oming them into the right direction. I really can't emphasize enough the importance of networking people are willing to invest time and effort into familiar areas, areas that may be difficult for them to strictlyillaze from their IT employer. That includes clients who work from a data position and want to delve a little deeper, but prefer something more remote and remote in nature, maybe with a mobile or on-premises setup. We see this in every inch measure – anywhere from 10% to 100x more compelling than the American west. I can’t help but think that networking success stories are farcical and short-lived, but the client grows with the company. Maybe they understand the benefits of location in their native landmass and have good reason to believe that doing so may well speed their trade. Perhaps they even wind up moving to a cheaper market, where the lost revenue that might have been generated there has insteadcome for those competitors in a complex, sophisticated Hadoop-scale distributed analytics platform that Planet Labs developed to boost its cloud investment. Or they may just settle for the better-known "Back to the Future" scenarios that belong on every IT planning application desktop and Firefox mobile device management apps. This in turn drives adoption even further across enterprise software deployments. A good networking plan requires analysis and thoughtful throughout the process, but we also believe that good web design is key to successful networking.BlueGranite has had a close relationship with Microsoft since the early 1990s. Together with our Microsoft partner, we have had leading-edge technologies delivered in a rich and exciting new world of data and analytics. Whether you rely on advanced analytics, data and insights, or you want to experience the benefits of a modern data-driven company With Microsoft and BlueGranite, we deliver a great variety of solutions for all levels of organizations, with a deep bench of trusted developers and professionals operating on all Microsoft platforms.  The Microsoft Experience Last year, we watched as our Business Intelligence team fell in love with Microsoft
