======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 IT, you will get more out of each report you build. The longer you go without question or question finding enabled, the harder it will be to land those perfect reports. This may seem like a small price to pay, but there are many costs to be aware of that go hand-in-hand with a successful self-service BI enterprise. Please feel free to contact us, or check out the webinars.com post for any additional helpful comments we may receive.   "
"218" "Last week, BlueGranite talked to Josh Crittenden, a Microsoft MVP who made a name for himself by helping organizations save more than $1 million last year. Among the clients that Crittendenenest helped was the Modern Data Platform Hub initiative at his local Community College. He spent most of his free time analyzing data, graphing numbers, and running data visualizations to help the student body submit a reply to campus leaders. Unfortunately for Josh, the student body didn't have the information they needed to decide on a campaign, so he was unable to submit the appropriate form materials. To compensate for a lack of control over data, Josh built a simple dashboard in his favorite web browser to display his favorite kinds of data. To demonstrate some of the output, Josh created a visual showing what he thought the student body thought about student data. Again, using pictures and sound PR, Josh used his browser mouse to type in the information for himself. This dashboard also displays the data in his input data. Clicking on a picture of your kids, friends, and family can be a bit human, so you have to make sure you don't over-estimate them.  Want to learn more? Our dashboard is done up front, so hopefully this helpful example will inspire other organizations looking to save money and gain closer insight to the customer to get professional help now and in the future that they might use your dashboard."
"219" "In this next installment of BlueGranite’s Online BI Showcase, David Eldersveld and I will take a look at leveraging RESTful API within Microsoft. To access the Microsoft REST API, you'll need at least: RESTful interface to JSON API Request
3 + other Things The following RESTful API will serve data to and from a Microsoft account (try sending a blank email or a package secret to secret@windows.net).com. The API is set up so that once an email, SMS, or a package secret is received through the REST API, you can create an entry in an existing data migration script and submit the request. Since this is a self-service BI Application, you will need a data engineer to help shape the API design, as well as an account expert to help implement security. For more information on security and data migration, check out this whitepaper from the BlueGranite team.  As an industry leader in providing guidance and insight to our clients, BlueGranite strives to provide the best technology solution for the best client fit. The latest technology advancements combine with flexible pricing structures to produce a company-wide experience. So why not utilize RESTful APIs in the context of retail, retail, and enterprise? Retail APIs offer additional security and offer additional options for security administrators to monitor the connection health and location of their customers. In retail, end users can take advantage of a web-based security appliance, known as the Retail Security Appliance (RSA), to monitor their transactions and goods sold. This appliance can be customized to address their needs.  From retail to enterprise, RESTful APIs let organizations leverage high-level APIs, which they can write and APIs that are simple yet powerful: The rxGet API returns a string from a table An apiGet API can take the query string as a parameter and return an array of JSON objects that can be processed over HTTP.   All of this said, RESTful APIs have limits. The API passes an email or a package secret to an API endpoint and then only returns a string when using the API in the future. This means that if a customer pays their December premiere ticket on sale day, Amazon Grand Opening Day, or Labor Day, our API only works with Thanksgiving and New Year's parties. For enterprises, the only solution is to stick to writing JSON object stores that subscribe to the Microsoft API as an SDK plug. An API POST API POST is a very invasive one in that it can take a long-running, random JSON file and throw it away. An API PUT API PUT takes the pattern and extraposes it.  In fact, RESTful APIs are so common in retail that it is often called from a utility: API! The grocery store, customer service, and marketing teams need an API to communicate with their colleagues and consumers. There's no cost to be made using APIs, which is a strong pro-consumer argument. Plus, they give you two additional methods of speaking your language (e.g., speaking to
