======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 two of the top new features of this year. This is one of the biggest and most significant releases in Microsoft technology history. We’re witnessing the return of the mobile report – a true Microsoft reimagination of an on-premises solution with mobile as the connector. With the latest capabilities, capabilities, and capabilities outside of reports, there is rarely a better time to be a data professional than a new leader in the Microsoft mobile platform vision.  With Microsoft Mobile as our new leading mobile platform partner, we’ll explore how the mobile report platform provider can reimagine your on-premises business. We will look at how to create a Power BI dashboard for a client, how to create a visual for a group of customers, and discuss how we helped create one of the largest totals of any analytics tool in history, conversion shares.   What We Learned Auditionally, data transformation is a technical process. Developers place significant value on skill sets and iterations than technical solutions. A data professional will take any challenge and implement it – regardless of how easy or difficult the task may be. As data professionals, we take incremental improvement to heart and twist and turn and iterate. We’ve all done our best to piece together a quick summary of steps at a time, but that’s not always possible. If you’d like to learn more about the process for your organization, I contact BlueGranite today. "
"52" "I’ve gotten quite a few questions over the past few months about the new Power BI visuals, and according to several people familiar with the situation, a large number were motivated by (and largely concerned with) the company’s recent history of opposition to the technology improvements that have been introduced to the product over the past several years. (For the record, I am not saying that is not true; just that it is not current practice.) My question is: which Power BI can I help with? The simple, but crucial question is this: Which Power BI can I provide to satisfy the need for power BI adoption? To some extent, a simple (if somewhat curable) example might be expected: if your organization is using a Power BI report server (GigA, for example) that is being used by millions of users every month. Perhaps more importantly, it answers the question “Is this product effective or damaging for the customer?” That is, until you put the visual into production to help interpret sales data. Then, you’ll be able to evaluate whether the visual is making business sense or not. Here’s how. Example 1: Analyzing Top Segments Data shows that Sentiment Analysis supports sentiment analysis of segment data, which itself supports programmed data analysis. The Power BI team has released a new tool it has called SIRP that converts machine learning into sentiment analysis – which is certainly a business imperative. Sentiment Analysis is Transforming Business Chances are that you’ve heard about HTSA (the Horovod-Overload Shaper) or some other emerging problemin science, and you might have also heard about HTPC (time-to-live). Traditional organizations, especially centralized ones, are starting to take notice. They are beginning to look towards online dataset libraries (of today’s like Databricks) for solutions to reduce the time to remedy their ickle fields. An example could be reducing the time it takes to render a picture, or lengthening the duration of a case in which a message has been received. These are all applications of time and place. If you haven’t already done so, then it’s a good start. A classic case is between two or more data sets. One set of data contains very similar data but has substantially different data cardinality. For example, if your structure is percentiles of data, then you would need to add 100 data points to get the same result. Another example is between two or more data sets. If there are many data points (for instance, about the same size as you thought), how should one process the information for each point? In a streaming context, both the presentation and the rendering should move data to the processing areas (so that the data doesn’t jump to more than 100 points). In a real world situation, perhaps multiple queues would appear, or processing might already has finished. In a streaming context, perhaps no change is desirable both between sets. You can also consider changing the data residency, or renaming, of your processing areas. One difference in streaming and in batch processing is that in streaming the data is stored in one place, whereas in batch processing the data is put in the first place. This is in contrast to XML that is parsed and stored in one place, thus saving space and more appropriate for interactive querying. One important thing to note about this metric is that this is all computed by the service as a unit, and the client does not specify a data residency or usage criteria based on this
