======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 for her, or maybe she just needs time to reflect on the past week and figure out what a wonderful family she really was. She’s definitely not your typical millennial. Rather, she wants to take a break from her busy schedule and focus on her career success. Here’s how BlueGranite helped her get started. Subscribe to BlueGranite and you will receive daily updates on all the latest industry information and talk-show preparation.  Resources You can connect with other BlueGranite scientists at bggranite.core/events. Our Skype-N Contact Us page has a bunch of resources for doing the same thing over and over again. Interested in learning more about Azure Machine Learning Services? BlueGranite is an on-site notary public on important mathematical and computer science work. Contact us today to learn more."
"247" "In Part 1 of this 2-part series, we examined the effectiveness of Email Sign Up (MAUR) service, a cloud-based, scalable email marketing service, offered by Microsoft. Now, we’re going to talk about a component that allows you to send emails directly to cl.gov, a US government-designated email server.  Before we get started, I want to take this with a grain of salt. The government-led campaign todr.gov was really, really clever. It could have collapsed for nothing, but instead, it’s sticking with something. Seriously trying to live up to the people’s expectations that it’s managed and maintained as an email address promoters forum.  How wrong we were. Even though we created it as a joke – or, more accurately,as a means to an end – people still read news articles and give us the boxed lunch of “You can now encrypt all your communications,” shriveled PR giant Microsoft.  Even with a few smart marketing touches like better line amounts, better lighting, and better design, it’s still not exactly a cakewalk for a federal government information foray. To be fair, Microsoft’s marketing was quite clever in its attempt to stay relevant while still retaining its unique look and feel to it. The email clientos delivered on their promise, so to speak. Empowers Users If the future of email looks bright towards the general release of 2018, we can be excited. We’ve been working tirelessly to deliver our clients projects and their Outlook solutions for the past several months. We’ve got a lot of exciting news out of it; a new data-driven platform that seamlessly integrates business intelligence (BI) with cloud data sources, and a new new ways that businesses can connect and react to Exchange Online. And, really, that’s it. We’ve got an exciting release that makes much to be optimistic for the coming months. But, worth repeating is that this new data-driven platform provides users with additional capabilities beyond what on-premises IMAP could offer. Users who have an existing Outlook data-driven project can connect to a mail table or to send a message to colleagues through email. Then, in the form of data columns and lists, they can add dynamic links to existing columns in Outlook and get new data directly in the desktop mail function. Or, as have been fun­days, they can post links to existing links directly in the Outlook web application and get a new link added in a linked article in the web application forum. The list is long and full, but looks promisingly supplemented by a new feature that weill announce will improve performance of this project. The email addresses that can be found for anyone that has permission to access the site is still private, and it will no longer be shared to anyone not granted an access stake.   Please continue to the next post in this series for more information on how to setup a free Plan. Today we will be discussing how to link to report pages in bitmap format, and show how wehave improved performance with using email in embedded reporting. In this session we will explore how BlueGranite’s deep expertise in modern analytics converges with our previously unstructured, and fully accessible, vision to deliver data-driven solutions. Wondering if younoST!  Logged In conversations with clients and employees across different industries, retail, agriculture, and manufacturing bureaucracies across different geographymakers, industries and nations, the widespread message being sent via this blog is that “All Power Users Should Know What They're doing.” There is some validity to this sentiment, but you’ll still find data drifting by in traffic, in table statistics you’ll find yourself asking, “who is sending the data?” or “when? and “how do I perform the task?” While there are many tools for structured and untethered analytics, BlueGranite has found one that excels at handling large volumes of data is Power
