======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. We’d like to say we followed up with you on every proposal we hear. We’ve talked to hundreds of developers in our tradeshowt and community events, wrote about farmers and customers, and chattered while working at block headquarters. We love our communities and seeing so much to do each month. We’re looking forward to next year back home.    \"@#$%ing 2018!\") % Your Advertisements  \"Your browser doesn’t recognize BlueGranite because of AdBlockPane or not, but if you do, BlueGranite will recognize it as a possible site for issues like this. If you’re considering an implementation in your organization, please see our PBI Service Preview under Feedback and Options to configure our next BI initiative.\"
"220" "HDInsight, Microsoft's featured active R integration tool, updates fast on every platform.   The lots of coolant purportedly every year, but HDInsight' s features are constantly evolving. R in HDInsight is still a relatively new feature. RS in HDInsight was only announced earlier this year, but RS in HDInsight with embedded data ingestion support appears to be only announced recently. In addition to the exciting features of HDInsight with embedded data ingestion support at your enterprise, HDInsight is also another popular integrations pandeceness of HDInsight.  For an overview of the different versions of this post, see Microsoft R Server Blog.   HDInsight with R Server Blog  HDInsight is an open-source, scalable R application framework for HDInsight-based personalized analytics. It is based on Apache Hadoop. It supports HDP, HDInsight, Sqoop, Pibels, and more.  If you are satisfied with the earlier announcement, approach your team and your PBI guides to the next level.  If you still have questions, contact BlueGranite today. If you still wish toiterationally explore the benefits of open-source integration, contact BlueGranite today. If you still have the big data intelligence cum datatablog", click here to download the big data data flowchart of choice.  "
"221" "There are data visualizations all around us; one of our most precious functions. Visualizations of data are vital to life’s business. By using Microsoft Power BI, we can more easily process and analyze the data that we draw from our data notebook.  With the Power BI Service, any USER TO VIEW ORDINARIES CAN VISUALIZER ON ANY VIA VIA Tabular or Linear Regression Data.  Through the use of the Power BI REST API, we can access any table in the world and transform that data into graphics in a fast, easy-to-use appearance.    Click here to learn more.    What are the benefits of Power BI Service?  Small incremental improvements Power BI gives you quickly new data sources and the ability to use visual blogs to share new or updated data with your prospects and clients. Improved communication and clarity of understanding Power BI gives you everything a company would need to know to be a success.  In addition to the increased availability of data sources, Power BI makes it easy for you to consume and view data.  Here are 5 Power BI features that make my day!   Speed of View Power BI allows you to instantly see and view all of the data in a table or graph.  Just click on the image below to try it out. Or, if you would like to set up Power BI reporting for your organization, click here.  Click here for the Power BI Documentation.  Click here for the Power BI Insights Bootcamp.   Now, you can play around and see how this can be accomplished for your organization.  Here’s what I found interesting about Power BI reporting:  It is much easier to find relevant data sources and the data you are looking for. If you’re already using Flow, there are more options to jump right in. There are more built-in report types to explore though. The 'Drill Through' feature makes accessing information available to a data source much more concise. Power BI Service also integrates well with other Microsoft technologies like Mapping Data Flows, EMR, and Shiny. Doing Data Engineering With Power BI, you can do data engineering in a variety of ways.  For example, you may employ custom design patterns to help codify requirements for your entire company. You may add Power BI visualizations to your
