======== SAMPLE 1 ========
/repos/<property name>, [property name]-[value] or [currentDirectory] variables for the elements in the existing directory tree. In Power Query, directory structure is quite simple. We use the concept of “parent” to designate the starting location of the files in the current sorted table, followed by the prefix that defines the data in the sorted table, and a series of relative names that vice versa. In Power Query Editor, we use the concept of “child” to refer to a small number of items in the sorted table that can be used for child filtering, and a set of relative names to use for parent filtering.  The name of the set of items in the parent-child hierarchy is operations. Renamed values, and you repeat the process.   The first time you visit the sorted table, navigate to “tidyMyTable”, where you will see a list of items that have been sorted. You can define the relationships there, as well.   For simplicity’s sake, we’ll keep you at least partially descriptive.  The second time you visit the sorted table, you will need to use the “replace” function.  It will update the data in the sorted table, as well as remove the items from the tabular dataset that are not visible.   The third time you visit the sorted table, you will need to use the “replace” function to remove the items.  It will not be practical to do any of the transformations for the fourth time.  It is not appropriate for this to filter the dataset beyond what is given in this post.  For some use cases, however, it can be useful.   The function returns a subset of matches, as well as all the items found within a subset of the data identical to the first dataset.  It also allows you to store the results of these transformations in a custom object that can be accessed later in the function.  The staging data in Power BI is stored in a single pre-preview dataset, ready for processing later. What’s happening behind the scenes?  Well, we are filtering the data down to a single source.  The function here is not reusable across datasets, so I don’t know how the function will be used in other tools or code segments.  For example, using the “replace” function from Power BI Desktop will replace a report with a view-independent report. With a “replace” report, when an error is detected at the source, the original report is saved as a single dataset. When an error is detected at the destination, the report is saved as an entire dataset of errors, with a summary summary for each one.  This allows me to easily see where my report performance problem is by seeing how often reports are updated as a result of an error, and what types of values they cause users to be more careful with. The main complaint with the format of our function is probably that it involves overwriting data in a data table.  From a performance perspective, in Power BI we have a strict requirement that the data modelers follow certain model design patterns.  That means we must take care to ensure that changes to data before it was rendered to be counted for purposes. What can we do then?  With a function like this, we can ensure we’ve trained the right model and used the data before it’s rendered? We can, but we’re putting the data’s model into a catch-22 that makes it hard for users to filter what they’re doing.   With this warning, and the space bar above it, I created a simple table that shows the number of times the user has clicked on the button (whether that click is in a specific month, session, day, or moment) and a summary summary of the clicks it has since that turn. It doesn’t give a timeline of all the clicks, or even a clear sense for why any user should be doing what she does now.  I can’t, therefore, use the table to tell her or any other users what to do next. How can I set up my table to handle this?  To answer this, consider the lifeblood of a aggregation like this.      A simple aggregation like this is called “metadata” in Microsoft’s language Annotations.  Microsoft’s definition of “metadata” is the metadata associated with a type of data that encompasses the intended use, the instance of the aggregation, and the use of all the necessary resources.  This metadata is used to provide semantics, which is hard to encapsulate in a single word.  In this example, we have used a schema containing the mappings for IDentity System (calledaways in Swedish), which provides access to the data as a member of the schema, and then loads the mappings into the table, which is then read-
