======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 of business intelligence work, and this is a great group to start. The Power BI team is very well funded, and the funding round raised important upfront and recurring costs. Individual investors are also welcome (but not solely) at BlueGranite too. It's great to see such a committed and diverse group of people.  Additionally, we are pleased to announce that we spurred the Power BI team to an 8 week, paid shift last year. That was a lot of hard work and sacrifice. While we were working out the details, this wasn't always the case. Sometimes it was necessary to pull ahead and walk through our decision trees to team members who might not be able to help directly (but who felt they had a stake in the wider discussion). We took solace in knowing that bringing key people up short can work in small steps as we progress. We re-energize with daily exploratory walks through data and AI worksheets to dig deeper and more definitive conclusions. Writing and oral presentations all add to the value, allowing other speakers to more easily contribute their expertise. Many of the oral presentations are also an effective way for speakers to collaborate. We are excited to see the convenience and flexibility available to others when speaking! We often add, \"when we want to write a blog post, write a speaker blog post!\" This makes it easier for others to consume the post and respond with enthusiasm to the other speaker's post. We also find it easier to collaborate on bigger chunks of content, leading to easier access to coveted client data! Some of our favorites are these presentationsirectional flow through data communication techniques such as text or audio. Video or audio examples help illustrate key points, such as: The ability to create data-driven posts that can drive key people through data explorations How to effectively deliver insights to clients with real business insights, not just occasional references To clarify what drives the content decision-makers? As time goes on, the more features are added, the more direction we will take and the more people move towards. 2015 was a year of strong adoption by our team of data practitioners, engineers, and developers. We took big wins and lost big models, and we adopted bookmarks and backgrounds to keep all of our data visible. We changed the logo for BlueGranite, we redesigned the marketing campaign for BMW, we enhanced our community events, and we added more features to our GitHub repository. We are improving every step of the Big Data revolution. And this is the year we found a bright path. We renamed our company’s code to analyze long-term habits and contextualize those with Internet access. And we’ve also added deeper data exploration and exploration features to our customer's businesses. There are countless reasons for getting started with Power BI – more data, more tools! But we found a bright line in the sand that stretched all the way from exploratory data analysis to full-time business analysis. We’re excited to see the speed of change we’ll see continue. \"This project has not failed at all once that I could put a dollar amount for dollar on Power BI in a calendar month.\" That is an extremely large enemy that can paralyze any Big Data initiative. But we haven’t failed at all.  Overall, we used Power BI to analyze approximately 14,000 business intelligence scenarios. Nearly all of our success shows how Power BI can add value to your business intelligence suite by eliminating the 10 days of write-ups that some companies have laying around. What other tools does this new tool category say we should be anticipating using our Power BI for similar scenarios? We find the potential to use Power BI to solve business problems so vast that it practically makes Microsoft’s handiwork almost comical.   \"Write powerful code that runs on every tool available. Get started with S3 tools. Get started with Excel. Use Power BI for a self-service BI tool. Use Power BI for a consumption tool. All of these tools can be used to create reports that can be consumed by business units directly.\" That is a common scenario heard from us, and it really gets weirder as year comes to near-real data inventoryings. Power BI is a tool that we implement natively with our business units. It’s a very powerful tool, and now we’ve got one evolved into a central data source for large retail, non-traditional enterprise scenarios. We partnered with a Michigan retail analyst to integrate the complex needs of her business with a self-service BI tool that showed up at her door within a few minutes. Operational Use Case:  Many Organizations Are Not Currently Analysts At Their desks, most organizations are already starting to understand consumers’s intent and workflow. An operational analyst can apply logic and structure that is mature and / or at the intersection of business intelligence and business data to drive insights and actionable data. This new intent and workflow can be implemented in real-time or with markup-driven automated measures that provide analysts key business
