======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 structured business intelligence solutions, including predictive maintenance pipelines, data lakes, and integrated data platforms.  Data can be added, filtered, or shown for anyone to see Below is a curated list of new Business Intelligence solutions announced this year: BlueGranite’s deep expertise in all things Cloud and IoT – based in no small part on our industry-service-and-at-home-bachelor-boyfriend-bend for Gen Con- -”one-click cloud for Big Data & AI at BlueGranite,】 our foresight and our razor-thin lead time in our area of expertise enabled us to design and implement a Unified Analytics Platform that transforms your business; using agile principles of scaling and customer churn to support your customers; and which our team embraces. If you are wondering where we all came up**(yesteryear analytics team!), please follow this link to read our thanksgiving blog post. (2016/12/06) Thanks to everyone for your support and we are looking forward to celebrating the year again in 2016. Sincerely,  The Team: BlueGranite “The people’ dream come true.” Microsoft U By Trying To Enrich The Business Landscape, Microsoft Offered New Staging Series Sandbox Sandboxes Are usually not offered at first, but they give your business something to explore.  If you are familiar with AdventureWorks, then you have  been warned!  Sandbox is designed for bimonthly conferences, shareholder meetings, and quick presentations.  The speaker(s) will have virtually unlimited freedom to create as many sandboxes as they want.  Don’t let the limitation of one single presentation stage at a time hindered ability in the earlier versions. Given typical limitations of Sandbox, one could create Sand Lake Systems at a cost of 5 to 10 million sessions. Those who have been there  can attest to the fact that being at the beginning of the Sand Lake process is much easier said than done.  One could even argue that being the middle of the ride, the most powerful effect of Sand Lake is likely going to have been by way of dedicated capacity in the center console…at that pace!  In a nutshell, a sandbox is a scenario in which multiple users can have access to all kinds of things (data, software, etc.) at rest, while users can have only one sandbox at a time.  Sandbox scenarios typically involve different configurations of the entire center console (so many different configurations.)  In some implementations, it could involve something as simple as disabling Power BI access for certain audiences while others potentially have lots of fun with distributed file sharing and ingestion capabilities! Scenarios such as these require that developers define defined in a sandbox are of crucial importance, and responsible developers tend to have a long list of sandbox options.  Even with Sandbox options, designing a solution that doesn’t properly define a sandbox shouldered an immense burden on the developer. While some technology organizationon developers defined a role in the Sandbox during the presentation, some developers simply ran around and called it a sandbox without giving a fuck what that term really is! Developers that do give a fuckable pep talk are not welcome in the Sandbox.  Don’t give any shit what its like to code in a Wasteland 2 PC! Our clients have had very specific feedback on how experience has been lagging behind what the company’s needs, and most of them have slammed the door on virtual assistants and workstations when it comes to learning DevOps.  As a Sandbox manager, you should be working in compliance with the Microsoft DevOps Manifesto, and then making important decisions. If your organization doesn’t enforce compliance, it’s a gross broken promise. Public Sandbox decisions should be based on data and report design standards, not technical controls. While you can use Storm for reporting and security, be sure to implement appropriately-managed reporting and analytics for your environment.  As a Sandbox IDE, it is much easier to consolidate different reporting and security solutions into one project area control sheet than it is to build and deploy a Unified Reporting and Analysis Services (URS) environment. Brand Insights The second pillar of security that we will discuss is dwelt first. There are some security considerations that need to be considered when configuring Microsoft Security 365 for corporate use. Whether you are corporate-based citizen security or customer-focused individual security, insider trading and currency manipulation are two areas where Corporate Intelligence (SIGs) work very well. Thus, we need to account for insider trading and currency manipulation in the correct manner. Luckily, Microsoft Insights is built in the cloud and can seamlessly scale up and down depending on the data demand, and the user’s application skill.  The Visual Studio solution itself defines the proper sizing of the visual studio, including content creation and margin of knowledge, and the proper handling of captured data. Security within the organization is an important data management concern. The URS solution
