======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 in his head said: "We are thankful for the use of the cloud by retail clients in 2017. Microsoft has gone out of its way to encourage data center deployment and improved management of Azure data assets. The cloud provides a superior method for organizations to scale and mature their systems and applications."
"269" "You must be pretty ambitious not to believe what you hear on the news, but getting a database setup to work right is no small feat. If you're like me, then working with a database setup to create all sorts of visualizations while you pull down the feeds from your coffee maker may be the most efficient activity this blog has seen in a long time.  So, I must share some advice to help you get started more efficiently. 1. Established BI tools are not the solution I'm looking for.  If you are looking for a traditional data platform/framework setup, then any of the BI tools mentioned above are a very, very good option.  If you are just starting out and looking for more depth in your data and analytics capabilities, then we have several different options here, but Core Data in particular has definitely made an appearance lately. 2. Build your data pipelines from the ground up.  Many established BI tools start off as component or a stand-alone project.   If you are new to Python or SQL and want to experience data exploration in a modern database environment, this might be the start of your journey.  As a database developer, you already know the struggles of building a working Python or SQL database. When you are working on a system as complex as SQL, you have built up an extensive database of fileshares in your SQL environment.  After trying a few different approaches, I have decided that the most common form of information we get is file formats such as text, relative to filesize (fcfile) and even binary.  Here is a sampling of file types we encounter on our SQL database: gzipped; txt; sftp; base64res;  Many of us also encounter text, binary or even both, statistics and plot data, etc. On a more general level, we hear and see a lot of SQL statements mixed in the background.  It could be that we are just not used to it, or it could be that we do not interact with the data in the usual way that other systems do, such as folding tables into smaller columns or joining together multiple tables in a spreadsheet. So, starting strong, set your cursor over these file formats and learn how SQL can help build a database in a few seconds.  In this post we’ll show you how to merge or delete columns from a table, and why that is a very important step when working with a relational database. For a walk through of the SQL query database engine (RDBMS) query engine, please go to the Power BI Documentation.  There you will find tips and tricks that help you connect and shape the data in your RDBMS database.   In the examples below we’ve only touched on data volume, query optimizer, and creation of tables.  In an follow down look let’s compare RDBMS with other SQL platforms like SQL Server, PostgreSQL, and MariaDB, and why this is a must-have for anyone considering a cloud-scale implementation of the platform. Good Luck! Let us know what you think in the comments! [1] https://blogs.sqlchick.com/datasources/2014/08/20/fall-for-csv-indirect-bi-storage-access-themes" "
"221" "There are always new trends in business intelligence, and Microsoft is no exception. One trend seems to be the future of tools by leveraging data acquired in the future – autosciences, machine learning, and deep learning. From the outside, it could look different than what you see on the shelves today. However, the technology is generally very similar to what we access on the shelf in this stage of the day.  What is new about Azure Data Factory, then? Azure Data Factory v3 came out in March of 2012. It was a year that brought us Power BI, PowerApps, Power BI Mobile, and more. As a matter of fact, we even had a contest where you could win a Power BI Enterprise Edition notebook via Microsoft’s partner sites . So, if you’re excited about that, you should be."
"222" "Azure Data Factory is an open-source and all-volunteer effort by a Microsoft team to bring data analysis to everyone.  It is based upon the Apache Spark Foundation’s Mapping Industrial Graves Diseases Data Warehouse concept. Currently, it provides five different data formats for data exploration and report creation: Biml, CSV, JSON, and Parquet. Three of the four formats – Barchar, SAMpler, and Power BI – are open source and are expected to be ready in January.  What
