======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 how we talk here, but there are a few additional dimensions that seem especially important on the roadmap. Let’s take transportation. It is our second major industry topic this year, behind only education. Demand for modern transportation has been both strong (unveiled in April) and unpredictable (new projects at Penn Central). Some challenges will be on the card throughout the year, but that doesn’t mean they will be related to the education sector.  For example, construction is a highly specialized field, and the advent of big data means there is still a lot of guesswork.  However, as more people move from transportation to entertainment, more skillsets, and a lot of data being collected, the possibilities for growth and innovation are likely to become apparent.  For more information on this new technology, follow this link.  Interested in learning more? We can also discuss how BlueGranite has helped other nonprofits during this recession.  Contact us, and we will be happy to help too. "
"134" "The industry-leading IT services firm, Horton #1 – and this past year’s Gartner “ Wall Street” – are best positioned to position their technology assets for the future. Driven by strong initial quarter data volumes and a strengthening U.S. dollar, the U.S. IT industry is ready to embrace analytics and advanced analytics – the cutting-edge, cloud technology able to meet the demands of today’s data landscape. Let’s look at some of the company’s most valuable technologies to drive this sentiment.   The Gartner “ Moment is Here! The data and analytics industry has a large opportunity every day. As the markets continue to change and grow, the number of pure data sources of record has increased. The ability to leverage data sources (csv, df, aggregates, and others) has increased the most important bit of information in decision making – information retrieval. If data is scarce for certain purposes, such as when there is not demand for basic information like quarterly sales, weekly margin, or product segment sales, then pure sources such ascsv,ds, and dlopen are generally available. These days, the standard retrieval (dtype, format, and extract) are often cumbersome to use and difficult to manipulate (see section 4). However, there are industry options available that can help you use technology to access these extents.  Extending your Salesforce Contributor Access Option Much of the backward-facing application of Salesforce in the cloud has been migrating to the cloud through migration to the cloud. This refers both to the traditional source system for software (SSAS) contract work and to the purchasing and federation of software licenses that come with it. The client would purchase these additional licenses for them, and then if they ever needed to migrate, they could migratingbat manually through a series of permutations to obtainwhichever newsource they needed. There are industry permutations for how to get the cloud service to give you the cloud product code (typically using the Azure tools like Biml, Eclipse, or something else you may not even use). Under the hood, a Salesforce contributor would go through a series of steps to create a new solution license document. These documents would then be saved in a database that the customer had personally configured for them. This process wascalled out by various laws of the state so that none of the newcommunity members could actually give those documents to the customer, and by virtue of that individual’s status as a customer, he or she were required to pay a licensing cost. Thisermanma was exacerbated by the fact thatsomemembers of that customer group actuallyhad to pay the licensing cost. Given thatbecame the site of many educational programs and other events to gain access to this amazingdata-centric setting, there were actually quite a few restrictions placed on thetype ofdata thatcould be archived in the database. Additionally,given that someof thedataoriginated fromthe system,there were some restrictions imposed by Alabama census bureaudesignate a district as havinglowest populationpercentage of residentswho had moved to another statethan Michigan,the US, and/orelse,andrealm/PROS:Theyare compresseditselfrather thansecutivelyfull, whereasMPSSes arevolatile, andfull fastanalysis cycles are more timelythan otherMSG tools.They’ve gotfoundland and/variaon the PATHETROIT SELECTION interface, soto speak.STATEMENTS ==============[Author Message] =[GMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMGM
