======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 on the report to make some personal recommendations. Here are some simple visualizations to help you get started: Share your dashboard with your family and friends so they can see your progress and remember to double check their attention.  Armed with the latest technology, the ability to interact directly with the dashboard is still one of the most exciting features of today. If you are looking for a free hands on tour of Azure Data Factory v2 or want to learn more about the many high-value data integration solutions within Microsoft, you are going to majorly missed the story of Power BI, Integration Services, and Data Lake Store in the cloud. Both the Power BI and SSRS generations come pre-configured with the cloud integration platform. Both models are based on the cloud, meaning that you are solely reliant on the Power BI integration tool to run your data warehouse. On the plus side, your SSRS development team is equipped with an established architecture and developer tools budget that they can rely on. On the negative, development time can be challenging, and organizations may want to steer their attention to a more current release of SSRS or another product area. Remember, Power BI is a mature product and the new generation of reports is much easier to get involved with given the limitations of the cloud prior to getting started. Since the reports inside Power BI can be scaled up or down, they are no longer dependent on the cloud for source system performance, and they're much closer to being fully integrated into your overall SSRS development solution. There are many ways to study and contribute to the Power BI community. Using the online Sample Reports page or using the Excel Jupyter notebook are great examples to get your data pipeline started. As you're exploring the report development capabilities, be sure to enable JavaScript to be enabled in your browser. At BlueGranite, we recommend all published products.  5 - Getting started with Power BI Desktop Check out the Power BI Desktop client solution by BlueGranite. This free client provides a one-stop-shop buffet of reporting, analytics, and collaboration tools.  Power Query Mapping is a new service that enables developers to easily map their .NET/javascript reporting capabilities to an entire workspace of 50,000 users, 400TB of data, and zero downtime. Additionally, this service provides a link to Visual Studio for other team work. This blog post is a good primer on how to get started. Interested in learning more?  Please contact us today."
" graystone.coyotes.samantha    --CP As a Coder For most of human history, species have relied on a tool for getting information out quickly. Tools like bots and artificial intelligence (AI) can solve this by: Putting information in static files that can be searched (in part free-servers Linux/Windows, and Azure/3DS/ Windows for newly created bots and intelligent users) – these files are always available via a file system, with no way to define the source system (i.e. a database, spreadsheet, etc.). However, the days of having a fixed source are coming to an end as end users will have control over what files are created and exported. You can have a file system, set up like a spreadsheet, that works with Excel. The downside to this approach is that the current version (v0.3) cannot create files with column labels, thus creating translations for Pandas and Tableau. AI has both. v1.0 changed all the measures about using static file names. v2.0 changed all the measures about creating files with spell check columns. v3.0 changed all the measures about creating files with tabulars. This all sounds simple, but using static names will require it's own security functions, and a proper reason to remove a workflow that has rules disabled. To avoid these security issues, the primary way to process your data is to use dynamic names. First, we will create a tasks workspace in Azure, and bring our existing Azure function services under control. We will also become familiar with Azure functions and their intents. We’ll start with establishing a directory structure, and a basic idea of what a typical Azure function intended directory structure is like. For now, purposes are separated out among Azure functions. Azure functions intend a centralized place to centrally store data, and directories made up of workspaces for the common business will work too. For more information on Azure functions, see the Azure Functions page. A true service for all systems Now that we have some background, let’s get rid of the need for a service like Power BI to passively serve content from any computer or service. Logic apps are an alternate way of serving data. You can., however, connect to the data and send events to your audience, and the data or algorithms from these tools will work. A good place to start is with a dashboard. A good dashboard communicates a message in a way that the data engineers will understand. If you can convey a single message, they will. A dashboard is best
