======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 CT, if a customer does not have a local broadband connection, or a location other than a metropolitan area, the app may require a warrant to obtain a data source, but does not include in the cost for providing the service.    “I’ve just turned 18, and my insurance company doesn’t have a local broadband connection.”  That means that the app will still demand a data source prior to provisioning, but users still have control of where the service will be provided. The app will continue to scale over time, but at this point, it’s very simple to get started. A final benefit of the new features is the ease of use – even using it for a limited time, no additional cost to the customer is generated based on cost of providing the service.  With the addition of the pricing model, consumers will no longer have to pay for a service with the customer’s consent. This means that users do not have to worry about collecting a data source, and, in fact, they can become the provider in a matter of minutes. The ability of the new pricing model to help eliminate the need to pay for a service is another strong plus for consumers. When you’re ready to use the new pricing model, click the plus sign beside the product name or product ID and select New Packages. For example, here is the new pricing model with a custom image editor that I’m building for my blog: The pricing model is a strong component of any data warehouse, and it ’s a great feature to have. You don’t have to wait long for a data source to become available and you can create and use custom images, columns, and templates just as you would any other data source like a website. The ability to use the new pricing model allows you to simplify your product design and reduce the amount of labor you have to make everything work together. The ability to use the pricing model in a tool like Excel or SQL Server with Power BI data is a great start. The benefits of the new pricing model are obvious, but users will appreciate the flexibility, ease of use, and ease of deployment – especially when you consider how easy it is to manage and manage their business needs.   As with any technology, it doesn’t necessarily have the best chance of succeeding the next time, and we are grateful for that opportunity. With the advent of self-service analytics and cloud computing, there is no denying the potential of data transformation. There is no denying the potential for technology advances from time to time, and with advances coming, we will continue to learn more about the potential and potential pitfalls of each industry-specific technology. If you are looking for answers for your data and analytics needs, or just want to chat about what is new in any one of our Power BI titles, contact BlueGranite today!"
"112" " The Power BI team today is incredibly grateful to Microsoft for so supporting them in their mission of building revolutionary new, self-service, online BI tools. We believe in the Power BI for all. We’re excited about next year’s update!  https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/power-bi/power-bi-update-15132903  "
"113" "With the advent of the new Power BI Service – powered by Azure’s new Machine Learning SDK – you'll no longer have to worry about the traditional licensing/subscription/subscription process. The ability to publish Power BI data to the cloud and your team's choice of a tool to use is more efficient with the new Service since you'll be able to deploy new capabilities, faster, to less time-consuming, and more economical resources. You can now share your team’s vision, and share the positive results of their work with your brand. We’ve been impressed with the Power BI Service as well, which is a huge step forward.  https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/power-bi/power-bi-service-feature-11206593  " "" "Power BI today is a global business effort – one that can be seen as a major boost to all users worldwide. For some customers, it may be synonymous with data integration, analytics, or interactive solutions, especially when compared to the often-difficult work of running a BI app to their phones. For others, it may mean the potential for self-service BI, on-premises BI, or cloud-based solutions. In today's world, you'll no longer have to worry about the licensing/subscription process or the risk of being dropped from the global team – you'll already be an expert in your particular platform. Whether you want to take a quick exploratory tour of your organization, to explore and learn with others, or to explore and learn with your customers, Power BI gives you the tools to do what you love, without the necessity of licensing
