======== SAMPLE 1 ========
/report/1865" "The Coefficient of Correlation is one of the basic principles for decision support systems. In fact, it is the basic formula which admits of several important differences: It relies on comparisons between variables; It is derived from separate statistics; It is suited by both sides of the argument; It is suited by several factors including (but not limited to) Product Type, Product (population), Size, (Amount) and, optionally, Revenue. Why Do We Need Companies To Consider This? No one should be volunteering their time or effort to prove it. However, we should all be honest with ourselves and start thinking about what factors we are not doing well, and what we can do to try to ease the pain.  Companies with less than stellar financial reporting should be able to take a step back and reflect on the opportunities that exist, and how they have improved in the years since our last post. Many Financial Planning implementations use Power BI to help us understand our investments. However, the best insights from this data can be gained only through our deep understanding of our customers, who have contributed to our success through this incredible data. Let's take a look at some of the key assets that BlueGranite uses and gauge if we can improve our implementation. Key Excel File Types What is Azure Excel? It’s something of a BlueGranite truism to enable our users to explore data in a variety of shapes and formats. This can be refined over time as the spectrum of user experiences, industry and organization, progresses. Prior Workouts There is a reason for every project however one bears some resemblance to Power BI. Within the initial exploratory period during which we deployed our data model, we spent around $15k on data exploration and three-day data analysis. Approximately $15k later, we are still not done game modeling charts. In other words, if our team has spent any time mastering the command and sample (CTM) format, they have probably mastered those under the hood processes such as SAS creation, assembling of dimensions, sampling of each color, and even exporting to CSV. At this rate, we may even be out of data in 5-10 years. While this documented train of play may be a problem for a smaller yet continued appetite for Power BI, it should not be overlooked that there are even more exciting opportunities to try out the platform. Have questions about Power BI Mobile Analytics? We are always ready to help or want to schedule a call.  Please contact us today!"
"233" "Microsoft’s Azure SQL Database and SQL Server 2016 have a lot in common. They're both cloud-based and on-premises-servers, but SQL Server is hosted in the cloud.  If you’ve ever tried MDS Data Warehouse, you’ve probably used the tidyverse to build your data warehouse. MDS Data Warehouse is a package of its kind that provides a convenient way to import structured or untransformed data from libraries. It’s also an interesting one at that. As the industry continues to move towards more connected devices, and as Hadoop begins to take off, it’s important to protect data assets in an way that allows for proper restructuring once it becomes operational. If you need help building an data warehouse for an organization in the future, or need to see how an on-premises data warehouse might fit inside this article, contact us!" "234" "Traditionally, ETL processing in Microsoft Azure has been conducted in the cloud. Enabling a supported platform for its parent Azure Data Lake Analytics (ADLA) platform is a relatively new process, and it's fairly new for a cloud-based platform. However, Azure SQL Database 2016, the company's first product in Microsoft’s namespace, joins the mainstream next. Azure SQL Data Warehouse (SQL DW) is a cloud-based solution designed to be accessible to a subset of ETL workloads. An preview is always available from Microsoft, and service functionality is available for those that need to consume the work. Power BI is also an available tool through the Azure SQL Database Consortium, which provides a unified, interactive workspace environment for data scientists, data engineers and business analysts. With a more extensive background in data analysis and modeling, Power BI presents a more dynamic workspace that makes exploring possibilities much easier. Also, since Azure SQL DW is hosted on an Azure Public Cloud platform, any queries that you perform in Azure SQL Data Warehouse are all within the control of the correct user. For more information about the benefits of Azure SQL DW, be sure to check out Microsoft’s documentation here. While it lacks features from Azure SQL DW that would enhance on-premises ETL processing, it does have some key additions that would make your data a far better match for the cloud. Reference Table (TF) for Azure SQL DW Data Warehouse visualizations: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure-sql-datatable/cognitive-
