======== SAMPLE 1 ========
  Azure Data Lake Store (DECODE) decodes its data prior to being loaded to the Azure database. While not as convenient as MDS for data organization as the Azure route, it is close enough for us to evaluate using it in a Hadoop cluster instance. ADLS Gen2 -- Asynchronous Query Expressions (AQeq) behave like any other common SQL database engine. They execute in a periodically scheduled, or automatically paused, queue. Their queue is composed of thousands of tables. Each of those queues has an AQeq that represents the data QDT that is translated to data in the query. This approach allows for scalable, on-demand data load processes, which in our example is the processing power necessary for the Hadoop cluster to become operational. -- Q&A -- What is the Hadoop Booklet? The main features of the Hadoop Booklet are: Creating a Hadoop cluster using ADLS Gen2 Hadoop cluster creates cluster in data load using de-centralizedFS scheduling Base query mix for querying locally and authenticating to the cluster SQLSurface model for structured and unstructured data Exploration of distributed blob data with DTSQL HadoopParallel model for processing parallel and mutexed queries ETL patterns for querying concurrently Automation of Hadoop cluster usage Audience: Demo Day Active Users Needed: As of July 2019, there were around 250 participants (55 males and 37 females) using the Hadoop cluster. This is a problem that Microsoft’s Antoine Bruyel mentioned and that we are increasingly hearing about. It also is getting people thinking we have a niche here: niche requirements; requirements that cater to a particular user base or language; or requirements that are neither SQL Server nor SQL From what I can see, it would be good to be able to use ADLS Gen2 within a hybrid runtime such as the ones ADLS Gen1 or 2 provide. Unfortunately, it currently cannot. Here are a few scenarios to get started: Demo Day Active Users Need to get authorization to use ADLS Gen 2 before they can take advantage of features like clustered column data (CLDBR): Enable access to ADLS Gen 2 via the Authentication redirect URL for REST API connections: Check permissions of logs related to the Access permissions for each individual connection to the API: If there are more than one open connection, enable access: If the container has more than one open connection, and the container has granted access through a subscription, but the container does not have permission to connect, then perhaps disable access: # Deploy the Hadoop cluster using a command-line client that supports CLDBR: Cluster upload demo.exe demo.pbink # Create a SQL database in Azure SQL DB that supports ADLS Gen2: # Alternatively,create a database in Azure SQL DB that supports ADLS Gen2BR upload demo.sql # # Alternatively,create a database in Azure SQL DB that supports ADLS Gen2A upload demo.sql # # Alternatively,create a database in Azure SQL DB that supports ADLS Gen2CR upload demo.sql # # Alternatively,create a database in Azure SQL DB that supports ADLS Gen2DPodcast # # Questions? Feel free to drop us a line or join our webinar.  Contact us today!  "
"215" "These days, men and women across the country are learning how to evolve into the industry leading ballistics experts - whether it’s tear gas used against enemy soldiers, Katyusha-class ground vehicles, or tear gas used against opposition gunmen - powerful AR-15s continue to maturity in the United States, emerging from training to becoming highly sought after military capabilities across multiple verticals. While it is true that a few remain around long after they mature into professional roles, most appear to be self-directed business people ready to put their skills to work for their communities, their country, and their country's common good. In this way, AKC 101’s new Knowledge Capability Report offers a unique perspective into the multifaceted use of technology around autonomous vehicle development. Using industry-leading modern equipment and Microsoft Power BI, the business intelligence application helps corporate and national security personnel create, protect, and utilize basic reporting and analytics. By simply holding reports and dashboards up on a datadir for editing and loading, they empower team members to act in concert without having to distraction. This can help ensure a positive learning experience for participants and team members. A key step in the way of self-directed success! CCCL Next Steps   AKC 101 puts forward a number of leadership opportunities across the organization. As our BlueGranite colleagues from our Mid-Year Strategic Initiatives team up to submit this year's candidates for this year's conference!  If you would like to be included in the planning process for the 2019 BlueGranite Leadership Summit, please send your application to info@blue-granite.com and include the following information: BlueGran
