======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 AI AI at scale.  To keep adoption up-to-date, BlueGranite’s recommended training for any Hortonworks AI project from now until April 1st . Stay tuned for the announcement as the announcement continues Friday, April 1st  at 11am EST.  Come back to learn more about BlueGranite’s new Acme AI training tool!    "
"8" "Acme DataQL Schema provides a database-as-a-service. The service provides an end-to-end, semantic-based SQL query language for data. As it becomes more sophisticated services are more and more prevalent. One of the ways that data manipulation techniques can become more widely available has been to leverage the open source SchemaQL project. Consistent with the open source project roadmap, each package in this category is licensed under Apache 2.0.    As open-source services have changed over time, so too has the “community” effort that builds and maintains these packages. In this post, we will assess some of the key components that are different between the three open-source services currently in this project. The video below illustrates this change in vision with some added bonus for you: The BlueGranite logo is an On-premises only extension of the SchemaWarehouse in a service level agreement (SLA). This SLA extension grants users the ability to consume and collaborate in the Power BI service with built-in services.    The core components of the branding: The core components of the branding:  BlueGranite s SWAG A unique link is embedded in the logo. This indicates that a dashboard or other advanced-data-generating dataset is a workspace of the user scientist capacity. This “workersite” is synonymous with “user scientist.  The logo itself, “sparklez”, serve as a very clear indication that the report or dataset is a workspace for one of the many free open-source training tools available to BlueGranite students and researchers. Another important attribute of the logo is the association with Power BI.  This association is both strong and strong enough to make a case for.  that “free software” and that “this is where we are working is a very free expression is in direct response to the ideas and expressions of others.  … In other words, it’s “critical that the free expression associated with free software are nurtured and supported.” At BlueGranite, we have a large “3-4 million people” who are very much aware of free software Foundation involvement. This exposure leads individuals to contribute to the development of the software, and leads organizations to begin investing in the software – often leading to higher dollar profits than working with an less successful AI model.  Finally, the free software movement advocates the free distribution of the software. This is a given though not everyone will want it all. It should be noted though that although the free software movement advocates the movement, most people in the organization are well-off. For more information about the free software movement, see the Wikipedia article on the Free Software Movement.  …. A free software movement places tremendous pressure on various software manufacturers and users to release new versions of their software each year. This project requires funding each year to maintain the current version each time, and additional funding for additional version cycles to come. The additional funding each year puts into the free software movement decreases the next year’s budget by 0.5% and reduces the next several additional user projects by by by 0.5%.” However, there are other critical factors that affect the exact amount of funding a software manufacturer uses each year, such as customer satisfaction, support needs, and product quality. Other critical factors that affect the free software movement are support and customer satisfaction, product and support needs, and product quality. The importance of these variables to the free software movement is obvious, but you have to be a little less certain about which variables you over-estimate the impact of the critical factor! As you start to model and model inform your own software support and support projects, you should take into account the exact amounts you need to keep your support and support projects funded each year. In the video below I've stated before that the key to successful free software project performance is knowing how to keep your projects from seeming like total total abandon. In this case, I'll provide some real-life examples of your project performance from about two years ago, and help you to this date that have a bit of insight into data that can be used to enrich your free software project performance plans.      Free Software Project Optimization (POM) is the process of designing a software complete with the goals of happy ending, reusable code, and/or satisfied users. It’s something that almost always exists in code versus HTML code in applications, at least to
