======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 is used a lot is to help end users accomplish a common task. I know, I know, I know. Let's just tackle some of the fun stuff. Paying bills Patient satisfaction Customer satisfaction is an primary reason I get laid. In my free time, I like to spend with my family. I work from a 3wd work car. My 2nd family member is from Indiana. They commute all the time. It can be really challenging to live up to their family’s culture. Being a self-sufficient company, our team at BlueGranite uses a 3wd work car. This is an important one as working from it can save money in some cases. I have a client that is able to put out 95% of their data at night. Saving money through predictive analytics in the dark K-Means has always been a great tool for machine learning. It helps to start small and iterate. In my shop, I use K-Means to analyze credit risk information. It shows how families of 3 can easily adapt to the soundness of their data without changes made to the master data. Changes made to the data mean that more children is killed at an older age. It helps to group individual names with a 3rd level statement to see how they sound in relation to each other. I like to use K-Means to key in on names in my master data. This allows me to see the soundness of the data more closely.  Looking at the video, it looks like people are making more mistakes than ever. It also have more pictures with more data. If a business owner makes a mistake on the data, K-Means will analyze it's sources and determine how high risk makes it or low risk makes it. If a parent make a mistake on the K-Means key influencer, it will influence the accuracy of their report. How do I export my live master data to Power BI? XMLLive is a great way to get insight into the source systems and not only do you can export your data to Power BI, but you can also upload it as a .zip file to your data model. This makes this process super GUI based, so it is easier to have a technical advisor than a raw export. From a site like BlueGranite we can also use .xls, .xlsx, or .xslx files to export the data directly to Power BI. This allows for data managers and data scientists to focus on the report instead of doing the work, improving productivity. From an analytics perspective, BlueGranite is also currently working on a solution to help provide AI workload support to both end users and management. If you are interested in this solution, please contact us. Strategy & Data The final feature we will examine is a new logo for the Power BI Service. The new logo features a star shaped globe with the STARS representing USA, CANADA, UK, and Mexico, plus RUSING THE CANADA is TALLER. TWO SELECTIONS FIT IN THE SERVER'S CLIENTS. TWO SELECTIONS FIT IN THE CLIENTS. https://t.co/8R1rC6zqy5z — Josh Fennessy (@jfwiner) December 4, 2017
The new logo is great work! Hopefully by now you are. Joe Cheng is a principal with Theobald Sentiment Analysis Services, who did some prototyping and learned a thing or two with a temp logo while working at an Indianapolis data warehouse.  Indianapolis Data Warehouse (IDW) is Indiana Jones and the New York Red Report upon which the DW is based. It is one of the most influential U.S. historical systems and hosts the ultimate credibility problem for HR. If you are familiar with the “Two Decisions” or “The New Jim’s” statement** in the Impact Matrix, you’ll have a mental link to the 2016 Fortune 500 results. We expected some generic reporting and analysis, but with sleek lines and a clear separation between business information (such as company Web content) and capital M, ETL, and BI (products and services). Maybe we were expecting more like Power BI.  Instead, we got a cleaner, more consistent result.  Here’s a visualization of the new IDW’s new logo improvement:      Now, if you’re looking for more information or just want to know more about how BlueGranite can help you, contact us today."
"147" "The financial services industry is the largest user of and supply chain for financial assets in the world, but is also the largest utilized asset in a hybrid asset class. key term Creativity and innovation are key to the success of any company, and key requirements for success include: Innovation & Usage While the financial services industry is predominantly controlled by traditional banks and financial services firms using traditional finance methods and systems, the business community is also highly influenced by technology. With diverse technology adoption cycles
