======== SAMPLE 1 ========
s    - 2nd in attendance (not including tickets) Delta Kappa Kappa Delta University is an elite public university in the middle of nowhere, in the middle of the Midwest.  Delta Kappa Kappa is the home of the highly esteemed Delta Kappa Bill from Delta. Kappa Kappa is the family of Delta Biotechnology’s major commercial products: Herceptin, L-Glycin, and Sativeja. Kappa Kappa Delta also happens to be the major commercial sponsor of choice for the BlueGranite football team. What’s your take? Do you personally believe that funding research is always best achieved at the start, before the play is made?  Please include a high school or collegiate (undergraduate or collegiate) school/community where you are a prospective student.  Sincerely, National Geographic Channel Distributed In your spare time, you may have a better shot at getting a financial award, as the football team will be funding its own biomedical research. If you’re willing to part with assets, donations, or even your own baby, it would seem that funding effective research is a top priority for most organizations. Is your organization prepared to give up some of their traditional tight ends for a morein, wide receivers?  How would you compare funding needs to other major athletic organizations? Would you trade $25k for a donation of $30k, or would you donate it to another non-profit, such as a local nonprofit or student organization?  Click to expand... in your area Join millions of others around the world in building a better world for their children’s futures. As the world’s health pandemic continues to accelerate in its tracks, developing countries are emerging as a potential global staging area for future global conflicts. Leading the way are anCI South America and the Caribbean, where efforts to promote healthier food and drink futures have been largely stymied for decades. Despite this, the ever-present threat of content mine continues to increase the world’s largest users of medical devices and the vast bulk of the human activity that takes place annually in health care. This practice of using private industry most in, and the increasing need for, both medical device innovation and social change continue to be at the forefront of public debate.  Join our next round of dialogue about COVID-19 and how you can support your local group and community."
"7" "The science-backed takeaway from all this: The stakes are extremely high for any healthcare company looking to reduce the costs and achieve impact, and the sophistication of the technology and cost-effectiveness of advanced analytics offer a huge advantage. Unfortunately, the typical “production side” scenario for delivery of healthcare analytics has grown in importance over the past several years. The mainlines of the production side, we can think of, have the throughput, the scalability, and the performance advantages of a high-volume scalable Hadoop-as-a-Platform architecture. However, in the production side, we have the realm of SSIS solutions. These are projects where hardware is of the greatest benefit, and sometimes small gain, depending on the workload and the configuration of the healthcare provider. These tools can perform important diagnostics and verify procedures quickly and efficiently, but they are relatively new and difficult to deploy quickly and efficiently in-house.ASP.NET – Hadoop - SSIS The production side of this equation is either cloud-based solutions that were built in-house on your own or you dabble in the DAX field during your undergrad years and then move on to the cloud and on, starting from scratch. There are a lot of options out there, and frankly, a lot of debate as to which one is the best option for your organization. Regardless, the main thing that we can say is that these are three broad scenarios:  Scale up your infrastructure  If you're using Hadoop as your data layer for work-in-progress, then there is nothing preventing you from using it in production. The advantages to either model are limitless, and the upfront cost is minimal compared to the cloud environment. If you’re creating your own models and work taking calls on infrastructure and monitoring needs, then the cloud model is now the way to go.  Whether you’re deploying to multiple organizations within your enterprise or your own team, the scalability of Hadoop here isnt near the cloud equivalent of an object store. You’ll find it more in the numbers. Incremental Scale up your infrastructure Infrastructure Depending on what your project involves/how long you’re working, the cloud will likely be the faster choice for your data storage and processing needs. So, the incremental aspect should be emphasized here. The cloud will be used for more tasks and execution will likely be run on your sample data much longer. The scalability argument for this scenario is in matched with a Hadoop cluster consuming data at a variable rate of transformation. The examples above all add up as either a)
