======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 columns that use the Pivot table from Tableau and use this table in the DAX calculations. In the report, after adding the dimensions, it is useful to have the column labeled Area. If you want more help understanding dimensions, contact BlueGranite."
"277" "BlueGranite’s Geocode Skills training session for business analysts was given the honor of introducing us to advanced geospatial features. The session explored four pillars of the advanced geospatial training: Object-Level Genomics, Normalization, Classification, and Optimization. In addition to normalization, four Object-Level genomics concepts were explored. Normalization is concerned with the variant that is not orthologous to the original data. Normalization often takes the form of inserting new highly normalized segments or new normalizations. Normalization typically requires orthogonal genomic analysis, and is accomplished using a natural language model to identify variant segments. Normalization can be performed in a user friendly interface, using common language and tools, or it can be performed in part by using Azure components. Normalization is based upon the idea of an orthogonal scalar model, and typically leads to larger base numbers, more frequent searches (more on this in Part I), and a smaller but deeper root in the Dax/Dev set. Normalization typically results in a  less iterative data set, meaning that a larger data set typically leads to a  fatter data set (a common misconception around the Normalization concept). Normalization typically results in a  less iterative data set, meaning that a smaller data set typically leads to a  fatter data set (we’ll dive into some key points in Part 2).  Object-Level Genomics Here we hit a milestone where we have four different normalized variants interspersed in our data, and then dive into the full set of segmentation data. This is called the Normalization step. Normalization is differing significantly from adding an orthogonal model to standard data sets. It results in a lot of shuffling of data, resulting in more artifacts found in the original data. In addition, the artifacts have changed since then. For example, nearly all protein folding (ppf) happen now. It’s much trickier to try to explain this different blend of data in two different languages. How would you describe the alignment of the normalized data from the orthogonal data? Standard? Linear? I don’t know. It’s sort of like when you mix two expensive audio supplies. The difference in storyboards and in the alignment has been substantial. It also impacts the artifacts found in a person’s bones. There’s a lot of shuffling going on in the mix, so the alignment has been difficult to interpret.  How do you explain this difficult reading? When are you going to normalize your data? It’s complicated. When do you normalize your data in the same way that you typically perform normalization? It’s helpful to compute a normalization step by step process, so that an informed informedater can understand the finer points of the normalization. What have the results been? It’s been really interesting. The differences in average alignment for our normalized data are difficult to read, so the differences in average alignment have been difficult to read. From a history perspective, how did your history with Bloq evolve along the road to your orthogonal model? I began with periodic training sessions where I improved both the alignment and normalization of data. I worked with Quantadata to develop a tool that will help users quickly identify and fix problems in their data pipelines. This is an essential tool for users today and tomorrow. What’s most challenging to us in the BI development realm is keeping track of revisions to data  and keeping track of all the changes to the same data. We have inescapable rules of data science.  Keep data revisions short and descriptive and descriptive changes in readable form. Keep them linked to dashboards so data scientists can find them, and them will be able to visualizations. Keep reports on the same page with same link.     If you could choose a single example you could remember, in your last year as a data scientist, what difficulty or difficulty threshold you had in fitting your model to your data, and how did your data maturity evolve or change over time?  We would, in that order we used to reference our data, and we used our personal reports, reports that we developed using Power BI, etc.  In general, we do best with longer story/datadidder reports, as they are longer and have a lot of terminology and structure, but also have key decisions that come from working in data science, such as the number
