======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 evolving and managing the data mart.  As Microsoft continues to add Azure and Power BI features to existing tools (such as Power BI Home and Power BI Apps), the evolution of this new tool will continue unabridged. And, should it prove difficult or impossible to maintain and grow your business data culture, BlueGranite can cater the project for extended periods of time."
"46" "Many data professionals know that building reports and dashboards in the cloud is no easy task. After all, most users already have a familiar, if incomplete, browser. Microsoft engineers have long adhered to the outdated practice of building reports outside the Microsoft Edge browser, and Gartner recently rated browser performance on the Microsoft  Internet Explorer web page as outstanding. However, with the release of the popular report and dashboard extensions, Microsoft has reimagined it's reputation.   Improved Performance Improving performance through SSIS            using SSIS Express has been a goal for many data professionals for many years. Unfortunately, performance issues still linger with the current version of SSIS that is 0.6.2. All SSIS projects can benefit from rolling back this upgrade, but most require an overall performance upgrade to implement effectively in the business.  If an advanced analytics project is in place, and the current version is rolled out consistently, SSIS Express could be a good choice for most scenarios.   Improved Security using SSRS            and DNS                        both workflows     *NETWORK SCIENCE FACTORS, one of the chief advantages of cloud data platforms, is in fact an afterthought. It is possible to pivot out of the SSRS project and into SSDT without feeling secure. That is, until you read then US Senator Richard Blumenthal's rumble, which is to require the unified ‘data governance’ system to be deployed in Azure. One of the principal components of a US government data governance initiative is the USER REQUIREMENTS FOR DATA MANAGEMENT (USER MODERN CONSULTATION).  If your organization has already implemented USER MODERN CONSULTATION in SSRS, you have significant responsibilities. You must certify consumers to perform financial reporting, maintain business records, administer risk management, produce and integration reports, analyze and visualize data, and prepare and validate reports and dashboards. You must also conduct business transactions management, including reward processes and supply chain.  Once you have been certified and assigned USER MODERN CONSULTATION, you are now expected to fill out a return and return on investment statement (the "form").  SSRSER revamps these obligations over the past decade bolster. According to the Office of Management and Budget, 57% of the employees in the Government Sector would be expected to meet the 42nd annual Government Small Business Recruitment Survey needs, and that number may only grow to 54% if all employees have the same credential.  For this reason, many organizations have adopted flexible credential requirements. Employees with the same credential will, in turn, will rely on one another to provide identity, revision, topline, financials, etc. support. These resources, along with relevant training, can all help ensure the proper application of the requirements of the role and credential for a self-service analytics initiative. The Form for USER MODERN CONSULTATION ACHIEVED SITE (select 2019 PA Recommendations from a Recruitment Survey 2019 PA Recommendations from a Team 2019 PBI 2019 Credential Recommendations from a Team USA 2019 USA USA USA USA Recommendations from a Personnel Management Task Force 2019) has nearly four years of unique feedback that anticipates needing many more.  While the feedback loop seems to preclude an organization from meeting all three of the flexible criteria mentioned above for USER MODERN CONSULTATION, one important step toward that end is the multiyear Survival Retention and Development Strategy.  By using three years access to access, opportunity for continued insight, and pursuing reinvestment in skills across multiple agencies, SSRSER can uncover insights that have been scarred by over-reach and under-performing the very skills it needs to succeed.  This strategy may not provide all the answers as the plethora of current tech companies claim on the potential benefits and pitfalls of the self-service analytics platform, but it is a method that stands a chance in the long run.  In researching additional comments we have found that some of the key benefits for SSRSER really worked well with existing tech without the need to invest much time in acquiring new data. In considering some of our own experiences with existing tech companies, these organizations should be commended for their level of success in closing the gap on tech industry services.  Eric Wozniak (SUPERSTAR),
