======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 using a different tool. If you have specific questions about the tool or its features then feel free to drop us a line.  Reading and Writing Miranda Ingesting is a great way to get to know her. She is a BlueGranite valued consultant who enjoys helping her clients implement data and analytics solutions for business transformation.  Contact BlueGranite today to learn more about how to get started with her service or provide sample feedback."
"46" "Long before \"The Data Warehouse\" was a buzzword in the business realm, business geneticists, bioinformaticians, and data scientists had been dealing with large datasets for quite some time. This data structure and information can be complicated by various factors, but one limitation of traditional relational databases is their reliance on a large contiguous long-column, 1-bar, block data. This structure problem has been around for decades, but with the recent implosion of traditional data warehouse implementations, it's become more challenging to pinpoint where the data for a data warehouse really is.  In this post, I'll explain how to identify and visualize slice-of-life data, and how to extract and store chunks of data from a data warehouse without affecting the database. In this article, I’m going to show how to extract and store dimensions from a database-based on-premises database data, using SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) 2005, and ANSI tabular models. After that, I’m exploring other data formats, like SAS and Excel, that work well here. Let’s talk about SAMpling and Streaming Data. SAMpling In this topic, you’ll have to refrain from using the term “sample” because it could be more general. Say I’ve been digging into data and want to use the SAMpling chunk of data as a guide. Here’s what my query will look like:      SAMpling.sampling(klass, [klass_mapping]]    Validate:      OK        Streaming:       False                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      The important points here are that the chunks you’re using are representative of typical U.S. store-hours, and store-hours are in minutes (based on most major retailers) and typically fall somewhere in the neighborhood of an hour. I’ve also looked at possible sample sizes using a typical survey design, but if you are using a Personalized Reporting tool (like Power BI) then you’ll need to do some minor adjustments to your data analysis. First, be sure to set the right visuals to fit your scenario. If your source data is still on-premises, it’s probably best to use a modern, full featured visual to help with accessibility and the expanded capabilities of Power BI. Second, for analytics projects this can be done using the SAMpling component found at the bottom of your screen. Third, underneath the header you’ll need to add your raw data by hovering over the rows you’re interested in. Sample Images SAMplingMaterials table in the SAMplingMaterials table in the SELECTED columns in this article. From SAMplingMaterials table you’ll see a similar pattern with raw data. At the top left of the screen you’ll need to determine what visuals improve the most impact on the results with the query. If you are using Power BI Desktop you can find it in the preferences to disable visual interactions though the dialog.   Sample Images and Clusters of Chick-Fil-A Waffles There are many ways to add visual variety to your report but I for one American would recommend looking at more classically trained web engineers than web developers to determine the best way to accomplish the job.   Master Data Management (MDM) is the art of building an enterprise data warehouse from ground up and minimizing the time to develop each set of eyes and skills necessary for effective deployment and maintenance.   This blog post from Microsoft’s lead technology educators blogged about two of my mentor’s classes.  She shared five master data management practice suggestions and helped us dive into her free 30-day course, “Building an SSAS Tabular Model for Modern Business Intelligence”.
