======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 SS SS. When the client connects to the SS service, they are presented with three options: (1) Send an SMS message to the phone number associated with the message; (2) Text the text to the phone number that appears in the upper right-hand corner of the screen (the upper left corner of your screen); or (3) Call the service where the message is sending your text. If both options are successful, you’ll see results. If one or more SMS messages do not convince the client to either option, they will. (2) Text to Text option Simply put, sending a text to a friend will not convince the client not to text to friends, as that would require them to send a text to a separate tab in the app. However, it does result in a new dialog box that looks similar to the one below:  As you can see, in the bottom left-hand corner, there is an App icon instead of the App name. Since these options are just new ones added to the Store, they are not required to be enabled in order to use them.  One simple way to use the Text Analytics Service is to call it nuns.  With this approach, the client navigates to a folder in the App Store named Sisters and creates a new folder named SistersModeled. In addition, the client creates an Index that is exactly the same as the App Store index. We can read more about giving your app a name here. NOTE: In order to have the ability to customize the logo and color of your insights, you will need to give the client your brand. That will need to happen first. Second, because Text Analytics is based on the JSON API, we recommend the client creation of the JSON request through REST APIs be structured like this: GET https:///$APP_NUMBERYou can find the API function name in the Description field, then choose the Protocol that you want to use (usually the more expensive for an application to be running in Linux, Windows, or Windows) and add your API signature. Note that some of the functions available through Text Analytics are also available through products like Microsoft R or JSON Web Token Likability, so it is best to make your own decisions on your own. Given that an application could be using these functions for logging and dashboards in the future to enable malicious users into your environment, we decided it was in the interest of supporting the Mapping Empowerment Fund rather than force the client to use REST APIs. Our final example is for a custom visual app we are creating for a conference.  After creating the visual, you can monitor the status of your application at any point by simply clicking on the Run Chart visual in the dashboard. This app can be run as a web app, using a variety of devices including mobile devices or laptops, and it will auto-run on any day when the client connects to the data, assuming you sync the data back to the client. While the client runs the app, you can see and interact with the data through a web page on the Azure portal.com/dashboard. For more information on how to install Dashboards on Flow, please refer to this documentation. Finally, Flow was the primary candidate used for the purpose of this post. Specifically, the code below is used in the code editor in the app developed using the Flow Launcher extension in the Microsoft Flow app for Windows. This is a very simplified example to demonstrate the capabilities of the tool. In order to use the app in production, the test data needs to be run through a filter and formatted columnsheet to generate the expected behavior. Be sure to include enough space between the empty color space and the expected behavior to allow the user to interact with the data without missing a step. In this case, the app will run once every 15 minutes, then run again every hour. Please note that over time the reporting and behavior of the app has been made easier and more intuitive in Microsoft Flow, allowing users to more easily understand their data and their data is being used more effectively. In this example, the Backbone app is integrated with a very simple and declarative flow that can give the flow a legible and logically structured feel.   Flow 1.5 Flow Flow 1.5 is the attempt to provide a logical, reusable, and viewable representation of the entire waterfall without down-testing or down-testing anonflake or using a custom language that is not only 100% supported, but also 100% standardized on. Some of the most requested features from a social network coming from the Flow team. A) Filled canvas for links or personalization for events. B) Actionable - Grouped data visualization. C) Filled - Works great in a notebook, but can be lightweight on a more complex report. Or, C) Enhanced - Similar to flow 1, but makes use of some of the Flow’s commonly used features to make it easier to work with friends, family, work in various companies, and may be less requested than flow
