======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 polish and insights from the tools for a common person. That’s got to be exciting. But the real draw here is the combination of strategic use and actual use of technology. Here’s why: Engaging your workforce and enabling them to utilize the tools that are available is the first critical step toward empowering users. Technologies such as Azure SQL Data Warehouse (DW), Databricks and Microsoft R Server enable the consolidating of data, images and structured data with the data to provide insight and value without the need for hardware or software licenses. Traditionally, IT was required to sign a hardware license for each DW server it purchased. This process, along with associated documentation, can beangled to give the potential customer a specific quantity of equipment that they will need in the future. Azure Data Warehouse and Databricks allow customers to bring their own equipment with them from multiple locations, plus multiple express express expressions to additional virtual machines that are available for loading.     Hardware Requirements There are a lot of hurdles to pass before being able to purchase Data Warehouse or Databricks.   Getting an exact list of available machines? There’s a little more involved, but here’s what you need to know. Once you’re contacted with an Azure Data Warehouse or Databricks support representative, they can help you figure things out. Many resources have lists of the right size for your data source (1 TB is too many?), and some services let you specify the number of TB spaces you want. Azure Data Factory (DirectQuery, QnA), Azure SQL Data Warehouse (DirectQuery), and Databricks can all give you the correct gauge, but it takes expertise to create custom sites for sites such as that specific CSV/TXT file-based project management uses your data. Knowing how many TBs of data should be packed into that particular site? About the size of a full SQL Server VM, it’s about as close to a machine as you need. Azure Synapse Analytics (delta), has a handy setup for transferring data to the Azure Storage account for which you need a Windows license. Transferring it to your Databricks cloud instance, however, is a thing of the past. You also need a Databricks Premium account, which you can log into for as little as 10MB of storage – a nice feature considering your entire data is stored on a single file. What to Expect In the Azure Data Factory and Azure Synapse, the same tools you use to create massive DB2 loads, are now second to last on the platform. Due to the sheer scale of storage at rest and in motion, it’s important to get robust before taking advantage of the security and ease of sharing your data. Azure Synapse includes built-in security tools that can be found either the Azure Data Factory’s GitHub repository (containing the azurebd-synapse.git packages) or the Azure Developer Services. It also takes advantage of Network Gate One, which is supported by all the storage platforms except SSDT. Consumables and Site Templates are also third-party compatibility material with this solution. If you choose to purchase Nuance's cloud pricing, it is by no means a must, but it is a small price to pay when you are using a highly-dedicated storage solution like Azure Data Lake."
"97" "When running Power BI Desktop for the first time, it is a good idea to enable the R Services file to allow for remote execution of the application. This will not only allow the user sole control over the data movement, it should make it possible for the execution of queries via SSH and/or file-based storage such as SharePoint available to all users.  User scripts such as clicking on an ad-hoc view of a report or selecting a node from a visually generated report can all execute in the same instance.   If you are already familiar with using Power BI Premium, then you can skip the R Services feature entirely. For anyone who has, R Services is an open-source design pattern for Power BI report development. Power BI is most commonly applied to reactive data modeling – a feature which was specifically designed for Microsoft Power BI. Power BI Premium has the ability to directly assign users to Premium groups, giving users the same functionality with any existing user group.    Once you enable R Services, any published Power BI content should work regardless of who’s user registration is. However, the feature can needs to be modified if R Services is enhanced to support Power BI.  For example, if R Services requires AD schema and content, then additional user groups should be permitted.  Alternatively, if additional users allow publishing via SharePoint, and/or if it is desired to import data directly from AD schema, you can enable R Services individually. This feature should be enabled for any Power BI user regardless of whether or not they have a Power BI Premium.   If you do require the user to be a Power BI Pro licensee, users using Power
