======== SAMPLE 1 ========
-by-number. A common scenario is that one of your salespeople has been laid off and no-longer-needed organizational change is needed. While this may happen, you can continue to take on the duties and responsibilities under your belt under Gantt-ian leadership. In many instances, the organization will have had a manager who was promoted but was no longer with the team. The decision to hire someone like that was made quickly and with great responsibility. Being a leader in this arena allows you to do everything in your power to help the team grow. Gantt-ian leadership values result in giving you the highest level of flexibility for what you can do. What you eat, what you eat, and what you eat support is what it requires. If your team is transitioning to new IT strategies, you can expect to see new requirements associated with file-sharing, file-sharing cloud services, and file-sharing email (all of these things are supported by Gantt’s cloud offerings). When you need it, it, and the support it requires a leader who has the appropriate skills and experience is vital.   Why take Gantt-ian leadership? If you are looking for a hands-on, instructor-led transition, then this arena is the right place to get the message. There are lots of options at your disposal. Professional groups and programs offer online training, as well as on-site tutoring. You might also find internships or training at a manufacturing company convenient. However, as long as you are looking to pivot into a management role, it's a good bet that your organization will enjoy your Gantt-ian expertise. Gantt-ian leadership lets you work with each other to offer the right skillsets, not to mention that which is offered at a Gantt-ian level. This means that you could leverage Microsoft’s Azure Cognitive Services to do analysis and help with decision-making. If you have questions or want to learn more about how Gantt-ian can help your company, contact us."
"188" "Power BI is easy for anyone to use!  Many people work in data acquisition and visualization for a living and love using Power BI and Power BI Mobile!  It is easy to lose out on an opportunity to get published and get your reports published to the web.  If you lack the ability to use Power BI and you do have questions about getting published to the web, please contact us.   What is Power BI? Power BI, also known as Power BI Premium, is a new widgets application that allows companies to provide social media posts and dashboards with the word POWER BI IN PRODUCTION FACTORY. Once deployed, the application downloads its dependencies and loads the Power BI Service, a web application that provides reports, dashboards, and content to customers or customers in the organization. Power BI is part of Power, delivered to you smart very much like a product. Why create a new Power BI application?   There are two reasons:  One is to allow the developer to create Power BI apps for other products.  Another is to give the developer a better excuse to stay on product as in, if needed, we would love to help you get published.   When we started out with Power BI we we used the popular webform report.  With Power BI Premium we had to write a blog post explaining why we preferred the product over the product we used to build for the social media app.  Once this blog post has been through it will be available on the Power BI App stores. Why the switch?   While it is an attractive feature, it will require an investment of time to migrate a product that was already over a year ago.  Plus, if it is not easily migrated, it fails to serve its purpose and could outlive its useful life.  If you are thinking this is cool and you already have Power BI, you are unfortunately mistaken.  If you change your mind and want to go the route of migrating to Power BI Premium you must migrate within the next 24 hours. If you decide to migrate and still want help with migrating Power BI content, contact us.   If you have a question about Power BI or want to know more about how we might be able to help, please feel free to drop us a line. "
"189" "When I say CRAN, I’m not trying to demagoguery. “Give credit where credit is due. Vote. Roll. The people know you can create change in Washington.  That change is coming soon enough. Every day. Our staff and our team at SeaaS Consulting are working hard to give our clients the best possible opportunity to acquire, test, deploy, and manage data and analytics capabilities for the next 5 years. By being part of our team,
