======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 a great way to get started with Power BI. If you don't have the right skills or experience, learning how to code while on-premises with the latest version of Power BI may be the best option for you.  There are a lot of great resources on learning how to code in Power BI here.  It sounds complicated, right?  In most cases, if you don't have a solid grasp of what you are doing, you won’t be able to consistently perform well in real-life scenarios. If you do have a solid grasp of what you are doing, however, you can learn more about development on the BI website or GitHub repositories.  Learn how to develop in Power BI in this free eBook from Microsoft.   If you use Microsoft Power BI Report Server (PBIRS) as a data warehouse for your data preparation workload, BlueGranite can help you get started. PBIRS is a Python framework that allows you to use data in the data lake in PowerShell.  PBIRS is also a great way to work with a variety of Power BI reports including Power BI Desktop Integration, Dynamics 365 Power BI Service, Dynamics 365 DAX, PowerApps, Power BI Premium and Power BI Embedded. PBIRS provides an easy-to-use interface for data scientists to deploy their highly trained data scientists, or users, to a PBIRS environment in Windows or Linux.  It allows you to create reports in the same way you deploy reports to an on-premises PBIRS instance.  In addition to your data warehouse, you can also build your report in PowerShell and then deploy it in PBIRS. PBIRS supports interactive deployments and also provides deployment options for any of Microsoft’s enterprise reports.  If you have any questions or comments about PBIRS, please reach out to us! We’re always happy to share a great example of how organizations are using Power BI to create effective end-to-end solutions."
"122" "While we’ve covered some important features of Power BI Desktop version 11, I thought I would take a moment to cover some of the rest. As always, you can find all of the new features in the \"New Features\" section above. For the record, all  these features are available now in Power BI Desktop. We also have a preview of Flow, built into the new Report Builder feature in the future.   Flow is an added feature of Power BI Desktop that lets you connect visualizations in a single click! You can select a visual and have it filter the one you want. Think of Flow like a Flow drag-and-drop model. When you hover over something, you can place your cursor over any attribute on the object to filter (optional): flow. Hovering over a certain attribute in the viewport will show in the other viewport view. You can select a viewport view from the list of viewport locations available and show it in the tooltip. This has the following impact when it comes to Power BI report creation: Allows you to add a single-column Power BI report page to the Desktop right on your desktop! When creating a Power BI report, if any of the following apply to your environment or screen shots: A visual is used to display a list of all the images in a folder or folder array (not just single images), you must include those images in the list of images for that folder or folder array. This is especially helpful if you have multiple Power BI reports in a workspace. Only one set of images is used in the report. All images are prefixed with a “Power BI”. As an added bonus, Flow allows you to add an organization to a single, stand-alone Power BI report. This means that you can choose the organization you want as long as it's a few distinct, stand-alone files or folders. For example, if you want to determine what folders in your organization IFS hold managed datasets, you can choose a few distinct organization files in the pane called “Organizations.md” or “Items.” Only one set of images is used in the report. We can also expand the results of one Power BI activity by including only the activity’s name and a single line description.  Using a single organization named “Organizations.md” in the main Power BI report doesn't create the issue of having multiple reports created at the same time, but it does allow you to see those reports on the same page. That alone is very valuable. This functionality only comes with the report when you have multiple reports in one Power BI environment. If you're concerned about how Power BI report design may be challenging, feel free to reach out to us and let us know what you think. We’re committed to working with you and your organization. BlueGranite is an exciting new partnership between Microsoft, VisualCypher, and Microsoft Corporation that we’re confident will revolutionize how Power BI
