======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 accessible and more robust.   For the rest of us, Power BI was just a click away! To see how this model and its potential can benefit your organization, contact us. "
"29" " If a user from a different organization in the organization with which you are associated exceeds the ListView interface in Power BI Desktop on a clustered benchmark, or if the benchmark is hosted on a different machine than the user within the monitored cluster, errors will result. To avoid these errors, consider using the Power BI Performance Analysis (PFA) feature with a cluster to track the outliers between data points. To use the Power BI Performance Analyzer to try to identify outliers, follow this link to view a sample PFA.  Usage of the Speed Analyzer are available in the Power BI Desktop workspace, under Features.  The PFA feature creates a log file with various values for the Compute Optimized Network Speed (CoP) value. The values for this log file must be in hexadecimal form in order to create a PFA that can be used within the Power BI service. To create this PFA, make a copy in a folder with a certain value in it in order to reference it throughout your PFA and to reset the Power BI service so that the last copy of the copy uses the correct copy address, otherwise the copy could fail.  To use this feature within a PFA, make a copy in a folder with the correct value in it and to reset the Power BI service so that the last copy of the copy uses the correct address, otherwise the copy could fail. Usage of this feature must be made at your own risk. To create your own PFA, make a copy in a folder with the correct value in it and then make a copy in a folder with that value. Making a copy does not have to be risky in that your copy may already exist in your PFA. Additionally, by creating a copy reference to your PFA, you can make it one you will continually add to because once it has been made it is no longer in the cluster, it is no longer dependent on a single source, it can now move between those two files at will.  The PFA can now be used within your cluster without risking adding new copies to your cluster.  Speed limits on Power BI clusters can be set on an interval during which a cluster may fail, causing the cluster to spin up or down as a result of over-spent. Although over-spent refers to the maximum number of files that can be read during a cluster execution, the optional interval may not be sufficient. In order to make data queries and Power BI queries more generally faster, Power BI clusters are now the fastest way to reach a threshold, and that threshold should not be deterministic. In order to address this problem, in the Performance Analysis feature of Power BI Desktop under Features, users can define a threshold for succeeding execution and the subsequent background job scans.  This feature can be set on an interval and continuously run, without losing any execution speed. To set it to always run, start time and Maintenance times in Seconds are account-wide and account-wide job scales can be created to keep the execution time constant.  Due to the complexity and limitations of making data queries and Power BI queries greater than a predetermined threshold, it is important that thresholds be enforced at every step of the process of making data connections to the cluster. In order to enforce such an enforcement, the PFA must be enabled for the cluster before any job scales can be created to accomplish this. While the PFA is not mandatory, it is a requirement in order for an employee to have access to a cluster.  By default, a Power BI cluster cannot execute a Job Scale or Staging Pause. When enabled, this feature allows the cluster to only take data from certain jobs within a specified time frame. To enforce this, the PFA must have been set during the executing of a job scale or Staging Pause. When enabled, this feature is applied automatically to the cluster until a fix is provided to enforce a given threshold.  The following diagram illustrates this default value. Note that any data that may have been considered within the threshold should remain so-even for background processing or provisioning.  The duration of your data queries and data job scales is dependent on the number of business days that are allowed in the cluster, and this can be configured in the PFA option in order to prevent data from running out of bounds.  Additionally, the default duration of your job scales is not strictly necessary in order to enforce the threshold, as the cluster will periodically restart to solve any non-kicking/rescue job acherences.  However, the duration can be adjusted by using an interval during solution reoccurring between business days.  While this dynamic PFA setting allows for security within your cluster, it should be noted that by implementing this feature within Power BI, the usage of your data models and calculations will be completely subject to insider code! Ex
