======== SAMPLE 1 ========
time  by using the “In-App Purchase” feature. To unlock the Feature, use either an API call, a User Account Control Dashboard post, a Dashboard Refresh, or a PowerShell command. To do so, set the device ID to “id,” or “type,” and the device ID to “type[name].” To do so, either set the device ID to an integer, or an array of numbers.   You can update the status by going into “App Dev Center” and “App Overview” at https://api.windows.net/resources/en-us/“Contents/Resources/app-0.1.9/”.   After you have all these actions enabled in the “Overview” pane, you can select the “Start Page” button for “App Overview” to create a new page.   Next, you can “start” the page by clicking the “Start Page” button “on the new page” that you “created on the first screen.   Once you click on that button, the Page will be created on the first screen and pinned. Once you have created a new page, you can create another bookmark by clicking on the “Create an upcoming page” button on the page.  You choose a theme based on your current browsing habits. From here, you can choose an item from the list and add it to your bookmark list. You can specify one or more items at a time. You can set the items at once by clicking . All you have to do is click on the “Create an upcoming page” function and it will create a new page.  There are also a couple of choices for adding new pages. One is to “toggle from all the existing ones” and manually select each one. If you use the “toggle from the already existing” option and you click on one, it will not create a new one. Some Web Apps do not have these choices. The “toggle from all the existing ones” option is recommended when creating content for your own custom pages. There are also several options to turn off some of the features in the “Apps” section in order to use an in-app purchase. To toggle the ability to add an item to your bookmark list, go to “Settings” from the drop-down menu. Choose “Settings” then “Contents”. This “Contents” setting will toggle the options for the bookmark list and all the other settings.   To turn off some of that functionality in the “Apps” section in order to use an in-app purchase, I selected “Options” and then set the “Contents” setting to “PowerShell”.  If you go to “Settings” then “Contents” will turn off some features related to in-app purchases.   For example, we have “Video Access Mode” enabled where you can stream MP3 files to your device and view them on your device. In this mode, you can do this by “storing the file in a folder on your computer” and then selecting “Stores on your device” or “You will have to choose” the MP3 store on your computer and select “PowerShell”.  This may sound complicated at first, but you can easily implement this feature in a Power BI app using the URL https://www.powerbi.com/details?id=1206.   Since the new features can be added to the new page as a bookmark, you can see how an existing page will be added to the bookmark as well. Let’s go over another example where we are going to add content from our own blog to a personal blog. There are several ways to do this. For a new post, you can go to “My blog” and “Add content from a personal blog.  From here you can select “Add content from a blog” from the drop-down box of the toolbar icon of the home page.  You can also select “Copy Content” to copy your new content from the home page.   Again, you can choose a theme based on the content you are going to modify. To do so, click’on the bookmark” button and you’ll be redirected to the new personal blog page.  For example, I added a “My Blog” bookmark to my blog. When I clicked on it, it wouldn’t open as scheduled. However, if I clicked on next day, it would open as scheduled after 2 weeks. I chose a different theme based on my schedule.   With the new feature in place, I
