======== SAMPLE 1 ========
more (L) in a Power BI-based dashboard in Power BI report viewer and a bookmark in Tableau Desktop. The report requires that the report window be 30 feet in circumference.  Tableau bookmark allows you to share a Power BI report on your personal or entire organization.  It can be used with either Tableau or Microsoft SharePoint or is equivalent to collaborating with a customer.  Note: Microsoft does not track cost of ownership for Power BI products. You can click here to learn more.  3) Audit dashboards and reports using data-driven decision methods What can you do with ROIs in dashboards and reports? In some cases, data is collected and a decision has to be made as to which of several reporting tools to use. Choosing a software platform that allows for data entry and privacy practices that have the right to audit can boost business agility, leading to a reduction in operational cost. Other choices that may be available include Microsoft SQL Server Analysis Services, Azure SQL, or Power BI but not all of the platforms may be compatible. You can also rely on using audited dashboards and dashboards in managed reports where decision making is consolidated with audit trail. 4) Use the latest capabilities and tools In recent years, most organizations have deployed technology solutions to be taken fiscal year 2019. But that didn’t stop some analysts and data consultants from declaring the moment’s glory – the sprint – into the future. While there’s no wrong way to look at it, the year 2020 was overwhelmingly about growth. BlueGranite analysts put the year’s first financial results to be best in the business with $2.5B of cash in active-app inventory, or almost $10M in cash equivalents. That did it again. 2020 was clearly the year of the self-service, data-driven reports and applications that counted. The first numbers to cross the $10 million mark included data visualizations that appealed to modern analytics teams and made data accessible to all. The fast-paced pace at which we're moving data – from data at restarts to data at a day – established new standards. Enter data lakes. In fact, the first data lakes opened almost ready for consumption by any analytics endeavor, providing a massive collection of publicly accessible data at time of writing. Data is plentiful, accurate, and coming just a few weeks after works.clearing_storage_factor.  Don’t get me wrong, there’s still a long way to go with analytics, but the popularity of analytics within the tech industry has consistently been demonstrated through acquisition and price. Data is constant – and always likely to benefit from further improvement.  Take the streaming economy, for example – which has fostered what the oft-cited ‘World Bank report’s’ 'World Bank Stats Showed Greater Gains From Streaming On-Premise Or Multiple Device Sales**" stated. Where does the internet go? Where does it move? The internet is constantly re-using, evolving, and augmenting data from other sources. There’s no right or wrong in the current state of analytics.  There is no ‘digital equals’.  Decisions about data storage and performance also revolve around changing expectations.  There is a lack of data integration and integration tools.   Data is business logic in nature.  Business logic defines the extent to which we value data and its meaning to our enterprise.   There is no “right” to be missing out because you acquired an otherwise excellent source of data.  Discussions like these drive our adoption and direction.   Aquatic – Lakevalen   Data lake. A powerful, self-service storage layer for teams of up to 10 people on the same team. Built from the ground up by a community, it helps set organizational goals, facilitates collaboration and enables meaningful exploratory work. Data is dynamic and governed by it.  Data is.  Discussions about it often do. It’s not often you’re told an architecture or a company structure lesson from a lack of data.  Better yet, leverage it and reap the rewards.  Data lakes are built on data-driven logic.  The data is dynamic and governed by it. In the analytics world, anything over $10K can be made in 4 days and a tidal wave will spring from the data lake no matter how small.  If you’re on the look out for incoming projects, Power BI is the service of choice. Leverage Power BI’s powerful capabilities to deliver insights, fast and free of charge.  Choose an organization’s BI performance preset and Power BI will track your performance in real-time. Additionally, data lakes serve as governance and monitoring requirements.  From there, you can create Data Stewardship Dashboards.  Create a Data Governance dashboard to oversee the proper handling of data for storage and governance.   With data lakes, you can have a team of dedicated experts monitoring,
