======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 now as a separate service”. The use of Git, Apache Parquet, and Power BI Desktop in the Azure App Store (AKA Power BI Desktop), which is also available through the Power BI Store, enable users to take advantage of powerful integration with Git from the existing “Paginated Folders” architecture. These folders can be used to access different components on a system, as well as many other services. For example, if you require integration with many features on a local machine, Azure can integrate with Power BI without having to deploy anything to the cloud! The simplicity of the approach also allows for ease of administration. In this example, the user could either use Git in the Git repository that the application is based on, or use Power BI Desktop on the Power BI Desktop to create a workspace for the application. This type of automation is especially useful in organizations where managing and controlling components and tasks is very important. Git Management Power BI Desktop is the sole client developed by Azure. It was developed by the Azure developers who have had tremendous influence in the development and commercialization of the service. It is also the only platform for developing web content and the only “Paginated” folder management system.  For more information about the Azure App Store, click here.  The BlueGranite team at BlueGranite created the solution above. You can find our complete Azure documentation here. Additionally, the client’s website can find the Git repositories for the Azure App store in Public Domain. For this reason, it is highly recommended to try this solution on your own as you will still need to set up Git and provide the Azure GitHub repository.    About the author Scott Griesmer is an award-winning author and author of numerous best-selling computer science and technology books including The Case for AI, AI vs. Machine Learning (with Robert Nozick, BlueGranite), AI vs. Data Vision, The Decision Blows: Exploring the Emergence of Artificial Intelligence (with Matthew Mace, Transhumanist), and Cognitive Science: Looking for a Big Data Architect? Scott has developed an impressive collection of articles, books, and consulting workbooks spanning topics from Artificial Intelligence to machine learning. His most recent, In Search of the Real Science Fiction Book: The BlueGranite’s First Look at the Data Science of Big Data (with Leo Uscinskii, BlueGranite), has been eagerly anticipated by many in the Data and Artificial Intelligence (AI) community. As the author of dozens of popular book’s spanning the topics explored, his blog has a rich set of data engineering tips and tricks that could save several dollars each.   To access his data analysis material, Scott is known as a expert in creating predictive models that can forecast outcomes. In this blog, I’ll outline some of his main data science tips, the ways he can maximize insights, and what to look for in an appropriate data model.  1. The Big Data model is wrong  This model is based on the use and prediction of a large data set. It is based on the assumption that: The data is consistent (no errors), the model captures how our data is structured, and the model captures how the model predicts results The Big Data Model makes predictions based on large, non-overlapping data Sets for many variables, making the predictions easy. For example, one variable is the value of the number of people who join and leave a social network in the last 2 days, and that variable is:  A model that predicts how many people join the social network that day. The Big Data Big Data model, as the name suggests, predicts how many data points (or rows) the data contains. There are many ways to represent the data. However, there is one method we can use to create a model from scratch. We can use some data we already have to generate predictions. The Big Data Big Data model itself can be written in Python - there are other languages that do this - but that will provide a faster and more complete syntax in a few short weeks.  Here’s what the model looks like in Python:   Model 1 A big file with all the variables and attributes that we needed as required:   Model 2 In an interactive way, by default, we use a column-by-column layout to represent the data set. In this example, there are six rows and a column (one for each data type). Some of the variables and attribute values are not listed.  In fact, we use variables and attributes in the same way that we would use a tab-delimited text editor. In my example, I used the “‘’ \"input\" column to delimit the data set, and “‘\"select\" on the selected data source to select a specific data source.  Model 3 If you want to add a prediction parameter you have to create a new Big Data Model in the browser.  It's a very
