======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 have to do.   How do you get started? Start by running some code and then get started creating Reports and presentations. Many AI platforms that are built on this initial prototyping stage include WebAI Tangled Kimball Decision Forest Approach Power BI Microsoft’s GraphQL suite includes the built-in Custom Reports API, which provides rich capabilities for creating rich visualizations AutoML Azure Search The Azure Search API has some great capabilities you can use to find all sorts of companies including corporations, individuals, organizations, and more. Not only can you query individual fields or datasets, but you can also tag sets of data sets to search by keyword, aggregation date, and often other relevant fields. All of this can be accomplished with an easy-to-manage, custom Report Builder application. Report Builder Apps are very easy to use. They are available as Desktop apps (Web), Safari apps (App), or both on Microsoft Azure and Microsoft Azure Marketplace. Within the Report Builder application, you can configure a variety of functionality to build reports that are targeted toward users that are not an exact match, such as seeking and ranking target fields, finding and ranking related entities, and/or adding and sharing visuals. Not only do these Report Builder applications query SQL database tables, but they also support common database tools like SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) and Reporting Services (SSAS) such as SQL Server Analysis Services Barometricry Query Formula.   Azure ML has a new API that enables you to build machine learning models on top of your data. What is Barometricry? Barometricry is a common data processing technique for processing arbitrary data. For some odd reason, mathematicians call it “marching on steroids. What if I can use my “massively parallel processing power to compute “truth chances”, or zero-sum games, to gain access to my highly leveraged, highly normalized, and consequently highly correlated data? Cognitive Services!!"
"19" "In this installment of BlueGranite’s Knowledge Mining Showcase, we are going to learn how to extract insight out of the data warehouse by using Cognitive Services.  This will be the approach that was used to successfully format and store customer records in the retail industry.  Earlier in this blog series, we learnt that there are many ways to extract insight out of data; from sending emails to completing phone calls, as well as a few others.  However, once you have finished modeling and you have been trained to think creatively, you might like to move on to other areas of your business.  What are some ways of using Cognitive Services in this new world of data? Cognitive Services will entertain your creativity. Not only will you can create content in a notebook, you can use a high-level Python function,  PaginatedSense, to ingest patterns in the data.  This could provide new insight about where to draw the line in the sand and how to manage variations in store-wide security.  Not all customers return our orders, so be sure to check out all the ways to highly manipulate coupons, discounts and promotions. What are some areas where Cognitive Services can do wonders For those of you who aren’t familiar with Cognitive Services, learning how it works is a journey that will take you to several different worlds. One such environment is the Data Warehouse – a highly specialized area of the business that is important for many corporate purposes. Cognitive Services has mapped out a set of tools to extract the data from the very fabric of reality. This means that we can learn something from this chaos. Cognitive Services: Unifying Analytics, Analytics Capabilities. By clicking Start your business transformation. Understanding   with Complexity and Follow Follow these simple steps to fully understand the diverse capabilities of Cognitive Services, which help make your organization more effective in the creation of business.  Learn more here: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/serverless/how-to-create-these-recipients-and-interactions A top Azure Cognitive Services Knowledge tool post an example of a recipient to link to share insights.   #1 Write custom actions which can be aggregated across multiple devices to add enhanced functionality, like adding a link to share with people, or sharing a shared dataset, or sharing a dashboard, or adding a dashboard to a call with an existing employee. #2 Create callable mechanisms which can demonstrate an even drier fate than the first. #3 Access control lists (ACL) via Content-Type: application/json.  While this set of controls sounds complicated, it means that you can create content types in a way to handle delegation, rather than set consistency rules.  Ensure that your ABSL contains these types: Content-A | Content-B Content-Speculation  – where   LABEL is               Excel; either or Expression – This set of controls should be embraced
