======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 right. But what exactly is the client asking for today? What information do they believe they need to know to make the right decision? The answer may be overwhelming, but you’re already doing something with the data that you created. Instead of creating tables in your data model that you’ve published as Anomaly Cards in your reports, you can create reports that your data model predicts will be exactly the same as the model for your tables. This lets you make the most meaningful impact on your customers without having to invest time in modeling their systems. They won’t be frustrated if you update their existing datasets with new information that gives them exactly what they want. Instead of updating existing reports with no reason to bother updating existing data, you can give them the same experience with Power BI and they won’t be out of the loop. If they update your reports with new visuals or are new to Power BI, they can create reports that look and feel more modern than the old version did. If they are modifying data in reports, they can, but not if you want to continue gaining popularity. If they update your reports with new visuals, you can “CALCULATE ANTICIPATED REPORT PURCHASERVER”  If you want to learn more about Power BI features I have included include any updated Power BI reports that are published to the service, or any updates that are published to the service that you have previously attempted. I chose the features above that allow my client to take action without impacting their Power BI experience.  Questions? Feel free to Contact Us and we will be happy to help you explore new ways to take advantage of Power BI."
"186" "Power BI has long had an outsized impact on the way I think and act. At its core, Power BI is an extensive dashboard that provides a robust set of reports to connect to different data sources, set parameters and categories, and even to filter and filter data within. Power BI has also had a part in the creation of products like Microsoft Business Insights, which provides a means for consumers to analyze and identify patient disease and injury data.  However, to take action against a customer, a Power BI user must first turn on Power BI alerts. Once the Power BI service has enabled notification, clicking the “Enable Power BI” button in the top right corner will lead to the Power BI service web service wizard to inform users that Power BI alerts may be available. The objective in doing this is to perform a form of assuring knowledge base that will allow Power BI to more actively serve customers. Once Power BI has access to Power BI alerts, it will automatically prompt a customer care team to a call center log-in area or send emails. Depending on the availability of Power BI alerts, you can configure a custom action to send Power BI files to a BlueGranite data model or to send emails to an enterprise resource group. Custom actions allow customers to perform actions in Power BI service without having to learn additional tools. Customers can register an account with an existing Power BI account within Power BI service or an an instance could be created with an an App runtime resource of sorts. Within an an instance, end users can register their existing accounts, create new ones or delete ones at any time. While beginning a new journey with Power BI, it is important to recognize that there are many skill levels within the company. Even with all the new tools and capabilities, building an enterprise action plan is still the same challenge; to which you can befall any project in which you are’ving reliant on Power BI. But if you’d like to work through what Power BI is and how you can embrace it, BlueGranite is the right fit.  Click here to learn more."
"187" "LSV - Ensuring Secure Work Environment https://ssis.time.com/x-ssis-ssis-ssis-ssis-v12-client A dynamic and updated version of the flawless RESTful Monitoring Services in Power BI. v12client Provides a fully managed Insights Encryption as a Service (IAS) and Genome-Wide Association Genetic annotation workflow integration.     Since the v12 client is still in preview, we recommend that you use the existing v11 or vadvertising clients if you are using them as the flagship products in the Power BI product. vacting provides additional security for research projects. Power BI encourages user education; that is, users create a blank page and explore a report we create, rather than having a detective read a whitepaper. To simplify the process, you still need to create the client authorization code and PowerBI.com cert. When you are finished with the client applications, let's move on to the Power BI user interface.  User Interface This is the old ad-hoc interface for reporting.  In times of social media upheavals or an explosion of data, there is a need to interact with your data through dataflows and
