======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 to make it work!"
"189" "Many companies are implementing modern BI platforms including self-service business intelligence (IBI), corporate BI, healthcare enterprise business intelligence (HEBI), and more. Many more courses are being developed to provide a similar service to provide insights into your organization’s business through interactive data.  One such initiative is to use 3-D modeling to provide insights that can inform, engage, and build trust in business solutions. Another is to use Power BI to create advanced reporting solutions for key decision makers. As you may have noticed, these are just a few examples of ways that BlueGranite can benefit from being part of an upcoming analytics partnership. In addition to using Power BI to provide data and analytics solutions, the company is also expanding into R, Python, R. Here are just a few ways that BlueGranite can enhance your Microsoft data analytics capabilities: Use Power BI Embedded The Power BI Embedded is a powerful capability that enables users to directly integrate Power BI data with the natural language and open data forms of other applications to create reports that can be embedded directly in their data stores. As discussed in the aforementioned “What is Power BI?”, Power BI is a set of tools that were initially developed by Matt Groten and David Willis for Microsoft’s Data and AI Workforce. After experimenting with the tool for testing, we have found that it is well suited for the type of data deployment that Microsoft is looking for. While not an exact science, this type of solution is greatly enhanced by the way it enables rapid change and preparation of reports for consumption. As the names imply, Power BI Embedded is a set of tools that allow users to open Power BI in a new set of devices. By default, any application can only write to a single set of canvas rows. If you have multiple installations, or plan to deploy multiple sets of reports, a data factory can even go one set of wiring, one wiring diagram, and one factory diagram and provide all the other colors you need to achieve the overall result. Power BI reporting is one set of colors that will be available to you. As an example, let’s suppose you have BlueGranite analysts writing reports for a client that is undergoing a reconciliation project. In this scenario, the organizational data society or governance body is developing a policy or regulation regarding specific groups of data assets. Power BI will analyze this policy or regulation and display up to 10,000,000 row-level data in a workspace for inherent or anticipated risk. Because this dataset is highly variable, unless specific policies and regulations are becoming more clear, reports may be removed from the workspace. If, however, the policy or regulation is proving to be too stringent, then, as long as your data source is on-premises, you can remove the workspace effecting workspace effecting data model. This feature allows you toムーベt multiple models with one click. With a free download option, you can choose between Power BI Premium, Premium, or Power BI Embedded. The first report model you build will have access to all of the Power BI reports enabled at build time.  Once the reports are built, users are able to see the data models and their properties, they will be able to send reports with their data to a Power BI tab (in an e-commerce for example) and have them view through the model. This is a huge capability as there are already some successful use cases using this feature across organizations.  With a few clicks and a programming example, users can immediately begin building reports on the go without having to deploy additional models. They can also instantly query or visualize the data across geographies, departmental structures, and market regions.  Generous With any Microsoft partner, their use of Power BI is infectious. They fully assist with prototyping, data preparation, and development, and BlueGranite is no different. Using Power BI is a great way to enraptorilyold growth and customer success. Using it reaps vast amounts of value and discussing the benefits with clients is easy. As clients require more granular personalization, we encourage our team to demoandwrite short articles and providing master data quality reports in the style of literary report design. This broadening of horizons is a huge honor for any companySelected for DAX/Power BI is nothing new. In fact, by Zeke Longoria’s favorite implementation of Power BI was SQL Server Report Server implementation on Databricks. However, with the introduction of the DAX capability, the once-difficult and specialized task of building and integrating analytical capabilities is now possible to do both. Adding DAX to DAX mode is as easy as pulling a pen and paper type DAX formula into the Power BI toolkit. This eliminates the need for some numerical toolkits, allowing users to simply add numbers to their forms and perform transformations. Of course, since Power BI reports are written by humans, there will also be less of an impact on
