======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 I can still learn more about this project if you're willing to do that work.    If you've already written code with Python, see the Python documentation for a good reference. The Python 3 Documentation (again) is well worth the time invested to get this far.  References   Thanks to Javier Barretos and Andy Lathrop for helpful downloads. You can find both Documentation for Python and the Python 3 Documentation at their respective web pages; The Python 3 Documentation and Python Project. Both are free to read but you can purchase individual PDFs for extra storage, or you can use both tools together and keep everything in one place. For more training info, watch the Meet Pythoners and Build Python together" video in this handy little video player.  Links To Test You May Also Like   Links to Python notebooks and test datasets are included in every report, so do your research carefully before diving into test datasets as well. The Information Technology and Artificial Intelligence (AI) related resources for BlueGranite include data acquisition, exploratory engineering, machine learning, decision machine learning, data science, and visualization. You can also find help with Artificial Intelligence in this blog post that details both resources.  Contents    "36" "Anatomy of a Data Warehouse For most people getting started with Elastic Sqoop is not a big deal. It is the default approach for companies who want to leverage high-performing queries in a production environment, without the hassle of testing, drilling, and cutting. And it is exactly the opposite of what we see with elastic databases. They want to use a different approach than traditional BI platforms where users are simply building new tables or querying existing ones, while the production process is continuous, loaded, updated, vetted, tested, and approved. One of the biggest complaints enterprise customers have when approaching Big Data solutions is the proliferation of elastic parallelized database stores. Why? Well, it’s only about cost. For one, elastic databases (which have their place) do not scale well with data size. In most cases, a single big data store (not including indexes or indexes that are newly added to a specific table) does more processing than additional data. Elastic databases also do not offer as much customization as other approach types, such as SQL database or Azure SQL. With that, if you are looking for a different approach than the preceding list, you need not worry. There are certainly benefits to different approaches. But as with any consulting project, the best way to maximize your opportunity is for you to consider those that can be further improvements to the original approach. A few example approaches to try are illustrated below (it is not complete without being a guest duo at BlueGranite and using both at the same time) and the results we came up with as approaches as additional data warehouse features to support elastic parallelization. There are also some important differences between the elastic approaches shown below and the examples currently in the article.  1. No Index Tables There is no index tables in elastic databases.  The same goes for the indexed approach shown in this post. 2. No Index Tables (SSIS) The Index Sink approach is based on the Index Sink approach in SQL Server. The main point here is that this approach is a bit more complicated than the original Index Sink approach, in that it uses a similar data source, but there is a specific method for finding index tables which is exactly the opposite of the Index Sink approach. Instead of using the SSIS equivalent, the Index Sink, one can instead use one of the SQL Server's new connectors (the connectors for Tableau and Tableaumax both come with Connectors to Tableau and Tableaumax, which are in preview). The one difference here is that the data from the external data sources (table and folder data) is now continuously indexed, while the Index Sink table/folder data will be periodically refreshed. This approach makes use of both a new connector (SSIS equivalent) as well as SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) to keep the index updated. 3. The Connector You Are Using The connector used in this example is either a Synapse or Hive engine, as that is both an efficient way of pulling in data from the external data sources, and also allows for more flexible file size limits. The file size limit is typically set at 100TB, while file size limits generally are set at 1TB. The connector uses the term S3 bucket as its URI for your data source, so when the file size limit is exceeded the cluster will run out of file copies, potentially leaving behind a single deleted folder. The connector allows for easier read-only operation of the data, as no additional files are passed through the URI. 4. No Longer Unnecessary Data Retrievals For a while, elastic databases were used to store file metadata such as date and time. Now, the file size limit is now strictly enforced, but additional data retrievals are
