======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 for the data quality of an organization’s Power BI reports, Microsoft has taken a shot at remedying these issues, and Performance Labs seems to have the tools they need to do just that. If you go to Performance Labs to investigate how Power BI can work in your environment, there and in your report development environment will be lots of great tips and strategies to improve things like word processing and report embedding. Performance Labs “prompted” in part by taking advantage of FreePBX (see below) features and FreePBX (mainly sample) contributions from authors such as Anders Hejlsberg, TJ DeYoung, and others. Have questions about Power BI Report Server and Power BI Desktop Features? If so, then you might want to check out the BlueGranite answer forum.  Useful Links Power BI Features & Features List Power BI Desktop Features and Features List Power BI Report Server Features & Features List Resources  "
"29" " I recently had the pleasure of attending the World Wide Web annual Gigabit Performancefea, in partnership with the MSU Huntsville Group. The event had a tremendous impact on the industry and, as the MSU student community saw, so did the world. In addition to taking place at the MSU Student Center, the event included a software migration workshop''ed around ''by some top vendors, research companies and research groups across the U.S.A.,NATO and non-NATO partners, to ensure that everything is on point and current as browsers move to Power BI.'' With these presentations, we were able to refine the Power BI platform and ensure that the people responsible for delivering Power BI are 100% Power BI caliber. What was lacking about the Power BI platform compared to other report management systems? One of the biggest factors being addressed was communication. Rather than presenting by company standard usage practices, customers were able to identify and ask questions directly with the report owner, rather than waiting for BlueGranite to 'get' them. This did result in improved customer experiences both in the design and overall experience, as well as in general. Increased Business Interests While there are many praises to be had from consumers when building a Power BI recommender , the key success factor in building adoption rates was the delivery of the product. Power BI delivered an appreciation for data without being static, allowing analysts to check data against other products as well as see insights from sources other than the Power BI author. This was also achieved by delivering data sources that were consistent, easy to use, and do not rely on rewriting or changing any features of the product. Whether delivering reports where data availability exists day-to-day or even decades down the line, Power BI provides an easy way to use what is an essential tool in the reporting landscape to provide all users the latest and greatest features. This is enhanced by the product’s low adoption rate when connecting to external data. To combat this, Power BI became the driving factor behind the World Wide Web site and the subsequent surge in data and analytics usage. This was the original impetus behind purchasing Power BI Enterprise, which is quintessential to Power BI’s revolutionary capabilities and simplicity. However, purchasing an Enterprise license is no small feat. Once upon a time, Power BI partners couldn't make the purchase in person, so they manually boxed the product in to reduce inventory. Eventually, the restrictions instantly expired, and acquiring Power BI products, was no longer an option. Power BI has relearned itself from mistakes, and Power BI is no longer reserved solely for the Data Wareload architecture. The ability to deliver insights from multiple data sources is now becoming a necessity, and becoming increasingly available as a result of Microsoft’s license-free offerings. This happens regularly, and in droves, depending on the availability of the data. This is in addition to previous dates and times, which may be more restrictive. Once upon a time, every customer was required to buy the software separately for that customer, which was a huge deal, especially if the customer was a frequent customer. Now, if your customer is a frequent customer, and your customer is a frequent customer a monthly basis, pre-Order support is available for this group. And since Power BI focuses on this group, frequent customers get the most value from integrated support, leading to monthly cost savings of +10%, +10% or more.  Daily Leads vs. Average Customer Average Customer (Daily*) is based primarily on average length of service and average age of the customer, as well as on each customer’s individual monthly spend. When buying Power BI Premium in April 2015, the average length of service for this group was 29 months, from the current rate of 14 months. This difference continues into 2016, when the average length of service for the group will be 35 months (from 33 months). This change
