======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 1 (0.1% - 2.1% in 2016) is a good start.  A typical quarterly period of 15 to 20 weeks is not enough to predict the amount of data, so the number of monthly reports will be adjusted to a daily or quarterly average of data. What Should I Know About Data Quality During the first three months of 2016, the Hadoop team received thousands of reports. Those reports were not optimized for mobile platforms and were only used for marketing purpose.  These reports have been rebuilt and optimized for mobile platforms.  While the previous two months were the most productive for the Hadoop team, the last three months were the worst for this team.  What Can I Do About It?  It's important to realize that data quality is consistent across many Hadoop platforms. Often, the source and destination of the reporting can be different, and therefore will produce different results. It's also worth considering whether your data quality has been optimized for mobile platforms.  If your Hadoop platform doesn't support mobile connectivity, then you may have a problem when running an Hadoop cluster.  When running cluster scans on a mobile device, even though the device is powered by HDInsight, it is running in a different environment than HDInsight itself.   It may be a matter of scheduling the correct Hadoop distribution across all platforms.  If the Hadoop cluster does not support HDInsight, then it will be running in the Azure HDInsight cluster instead of Azure HDInsight.   For a detailed walkthrough of Hadoop Cluster Quality, see this post:  https://docs.adoag.com/documentation/2048/10/103471  We know that quality is important for the Hadoop ecosystem, but how does it correlate? When working with datasets, we make use of measures in the “Data Quality” metric.  If you use a Hadoop cluster as a Hadoop cluster, the data will be generated by Hadoop.  If the cluster supports HDInsight, then the source cluster will use the Hadoop data source instead of the HDInsight data source.  For example, let’s say we want to check the quality of the data contained in a CSV file.  Here are some steps we can follow to get a good sense into where to spend your time.  First, we need to know the source language of the dataset we’re working with.  Here’s an example of using the Hive Hive Data Platform.  Here’s an example of using Hadoop with Apache Hadoop to generate CSV files in the Hadoop cluster for analysis on a real Hadoop cluster.  This kind of data quality is highly recommended for Hadoop cluster clusters as it can run Apache Hadoop cluster in parallel with HDInsight to generate the Hadoop cluster code.  You want to ensure the cluster is working with the correct platform.  We can use an Azure Platform as the Hadoop Distributed cluster.  Since the Azure platform is also the source for Hadoop cluster clusters, we can use Azure Streaming Datacenter to run the Hadoop cluster.  Finally, we need to know the cluster's HDInsight cluster ID.  Here is an example of running the cluster as an Apache Hadoop Hadoop dist in parallel with HDInsight to generate a data file containing all the data contained in the report.  Note that when we run the report in HDInsight (the cluster we will use for the Hadoop cluster analyses), we can see all the data contained in the report and can even use the Hadoop Cluster’s HDInsight ID to identify the cluster.  This makes our dataset more consistent as it’s output from HDInsight is a JSON file.  Finally, we need to know if the source and destination datasets are compatible, if so, and when to stop the cluster.  When choosing the cluster as the Hadoop cluster data source, you should first verify that HDInsight can support it.  If HDInsight does not support HDInsight, then the cluster is not compatible.  If HDInsight cannot, then it only supports one Hadoop cluster cluster on the server.  If HDInsight does support HDInsight, then it is not compatible.  If you are interested in learning more about Hadoop Cluster Quality, Microsoft Azure Databricks can be a good fit.  Use the Contact Us page to get started with free Hadoop training. Hadoop Cluster Quality  The quality of the Hadoop cluster from the source report is more important than whether we are using HDInsight or HDInsight cluster.  If you want to know more about how efficiency increases during Hadoop development, there is
