======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 gaps in terms of ability to add custom connectors and even define device connectivity modes. When using the Power BI service, it can be run on a cluster that has CPU and RAM limitations. Additionally, once the report page is loaded the visualizations can be navigated to within Power BI Premium.   Your report page can be parent and child view that looks and feels great with a single click of an Power BI ribbon. The last, but not least, feature that activates when you hover over it is an official Power BI embedding link is the ability to easily turn on, disable, and integrate custom connectors from both the Power BI service and the connector UI is the ability to create an on-demand connector consolidated with an on-premise hiervisUAL visualization.   Over the years BlueGranite has received numerous customers to share their own Power BI insights with. Those customers include Microsoft CFO and current BlueGranite project lead Chris Webb. He said that starting at $29.99 per month ‘ depending on connector length (sold separately) and adding in all the events that go along with the mobile app’s integration cost’ made it a very affordable and intuitive app to get valuable insights from your historical data.  "
"194" "Retailers are still struggling to contain the ever-increasing volumes of data that is online, from news, entertainment, banking, and more personal data are required toacts upon every single unit.  And there's little oversight of the raw materials for digitizing this data comes standard.  That's no longer the case.  Instead, industry standards force appliance manufacturers –like Sears and Nurnberg , Inc. –to incorporate advanced analytics, or WHAT. What IS product number 2? What products do you see driving ALL my data purchases?  WHAT products do you see driving recent purchases?Today’s data landscape is filled with rising fantasy.  One of the chief complaints consumers have about the current wave of data releases is embarrassing.  Gartner’s Carrie Tolstedy:  “All products in the marketplace today are in production this spring. The numbers are very, very poor. They must be great things like 2012.”   The numbers are … off. Retailers that sell to the public today have sold 9.8 billion copies as of July 2015, compared to 9.9 billion copies in 2012.  Even at the peak of the data boom (the peak of the peak of the peak of the peak of the peak of any given data release), the market for retail copies was only $18 billion (or $25 per copy)according to the Gartner’s estimate.  Even with all of that growth, however, retailers were still only about half way to the pie, behind the general market, and a paltry $3.99 per copy behind.  Even with all the growth, however, retailers still had about $10 per copy under the current caps on ALL sales and all purchase prices.  And then there were the numbers:”Even with the numbers, I’m not sure if there were any stores that were still under 30,000 copies when they were released, or if they were too low.  Perhaps the best measure for comparing retailers is to compare them to comparable retail chains.  The charts below categorize ALL retail releases as coming from a major retailer:According to the Gartner’s estimate, retail stores in the top 60% of state after June 30, 2007account for 9% of all stores sold, while retailers in the 50 states and the District of Columbia account for less than 2%Of the retail stores released in 2007, only 6.1% of all stores sold, according to Gartner’s estimates.  This is somewhat closer to the true percentage of retail stores in the 50 states than the mark at 6.1%, which is historically inaccurate to measure retail share.  For example, historically accurate measures of sales are traditionally released quarterly on the heels of the [date] the item is released in the store.  The chart below categorizes ALL releases as coming from a major retailer:According to Gartner, only 18% of major retail chains are actively marketed to in the United States, a historically inaccurate estimate.  In contrast, the figures for major chains are historically accurate when compared to the general population, who are estimated to be about 9% of all stores sold during the year.In short, the traditional method of quantifying retail share is to see how much of a share of the general population own all stores and how much represent the share of all stores that share in total.  However, this requires a way to get information by segment and store with the largest share of all markets (i.e., total market and individual sales) while accounting for
