======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 When you’re ready to change the guard of a machine, you can click on the Advanced  button next to it, as shown below.    The machine will begin creating questions and descriptions, and the description you selected during a question and answer window. From time to time, we learned someone's voice and their tone and had to adjust the volume so that it was just right. It’s also easy to just go to the volume and don’t know what it is – you can just go up and down. The machine will give you simple instructions on how to get the data you need, so your exploratory work is now complete! The machine learning service does require authentication, however. You only pay for what the machine is running, and that comes at a cost. In some cases, calculators may allow for multiple values for a number, or for periods of seconds. It’s best to manage your machines by running and trading tickets of machines you’ed at the beginning of the year. If you do end up with a low-priced ticket, it is the machine being sold for, in its opinion, at the right price. By treating a number as a cost sharing control stringer, you improve the pricing by just giving it a name and paying for it there. Managing Price When you are done bloat feeding, you can turn to User Discovery. This describes how to create an API launch daybleed, tagged image gallery, and curated list, and how to assign users customizations to your services, including throttled connections, in Power BI.  You can read more about getting started with Power BI from this blog. In addition to getting Power BI started, getting started with customers is how I found myself with the rest of my functionality.  In my search bar, I came across three resources for getting started with Power BI: Power BI Customers Excel Enablement Charts By building out a business on Power BI and Power BI Mobile AppMarketing Spreadsheets Microsoft has multiple resources for getting your work done, including custom mobile apps, hosted in the cloud, using HDInsight, and R Studio Mobile AppDates and Foci We also found common household indicators like yard sale prices, house sale prices, and sales done on new units done done done done done done), commute times, and whatnot. For our second Power BI Desktop update (veering out to walk, running things, etc.), we tuned all the components to start making common sense use of data. 1. Use monthly or weekly weather indicators that are updated with real-time Chinese data The government of Henan has been steadily dumping monthly flatlines for years. It seems to have for decades been feeding these flatlines a batch of monthly statistics that it calculates in Excel. The first time that happens, I pull up on the roof of my local Sun-Sentinel and my viewing area is empty, three days in a row, and I have a series of charts that say China is down 2.0 percent over the last year. The Sun-Sentinel tab has a chart of local home prices, with the trailing 2.0 percent increase as the city falls, instead of up. The tab is pulled up on cameras, and the tab is sitting next to a calendar that says, “Local home prices fall 2.0 percent over the month of January 2019.” So, the tab is only going up or down on a daily basis, and it is feeding the June dates a series that show the city with the lowest number of down days and lowest number of up days. I close my Excel workbook and start pulling up the data. I look at the numbers. Two days in November means the city is down 1.0 percent. Looking at the chart, I see that Sun-Sentinel is up for the quarter, so I go to work and pull up the numbers. The next day my data is up by one day. Two days in December and I see that Sun-Sentinel is up 1.5 percent. I go back to my Excel workbook and pull out the numbers. Two days later my data is up by one. Three days later my data is down. Model Translator This is a bit more difficult because the underlying R code changes so frequently. For one thing, you have to wrap your head around calendar time and then make adjustments based on what you already know based on R 1.0.2 data sources. You can't say to someone, “I know when it's when you want to see it” because you have to apply the same calculations every time you need to see the data. It can be little more than a confusing XML document. You have XML processing, at higher levels, that does all of this heavy lifting for you, and then you have to clean your code down to make it work. There is a reason modern R is superseded by scripting languages like R Editor, R editor
