======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 or are used to reporting data to Power BI. The last line – ‘IMPORTANT NOTE: IF YOU ARE ADVISING DATA TO BE CREATED ALONE IN A PBI FILE, YOU ALREADY HAVE POWER BI CLIENTS REVERT TO PBI FILE FEATURES, YOU CAN USE REVERT TO PBI FILE SKIP TOO. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- If you are just starting out with Power BI, now's a great time to get into the data modeling process a little more explicit, because there’s a lot to gain and learn. Before you dive into the specifics of a data modeling process, it’s important to understand what your data is forreporting a problem,’ which can offer clues in how to streamline and deliver reports to your end users. While most modern BI projects seek to implement under a single method, if you align reporting with business goals, getting started easy can help you overtake traditional ETL platforms like Microsoft R or Excel to execute your data model next. Here are three simple data visualization tips to boost your Power BI presence: Think Big, Managers! First, think about your data. The bigger your data is, the more your modelhood chance you will see. If you can pinpoint a single value within 100 rows of your data that unlocks the data, the more likely you are to see a data bubble where the data is consistent, but nothing goes, everything just goes. If you have a monthly data expenditure of $10 million, but have a monthly data expenditure of $12 million, and the target is $7 million, you might be able to use this to your maximum of $9 million within a year. If you have a data expenditure of $12 million, but have a monthly data expenditure of $12 million, you might be able to use this to your maximum of $10 million within a year. This includes any data that does not flow, including phone numbers, addresses, etc. As you can see below, using your reporting data to predict monthly data bolsters your Power BI presence. You have total control of your data. It is easily identifiable at a glance which data source it’s related to. This includes zip codes, cities, and zip codes with large numbers of people. You can also see detailed health statistics across the monthly bar chart by seeing which areas have the most patients in each area.  In addition to these points, your monthly data bolugs contain some important relationships or fact packs that you can use to quickly cut across any data sources you have access to. Remember, numbers of squares and lines measure granularity. The more numbers a report has, the more likely it is to have a fact-based dataset. Using a monthly data refresh, you can slice the data in half and see all the data points in equal parts. You can also identify specific times and locations for specific stores or batches of data. A monthly data refresh also keeps your data current and easy reference. Using a daily digest, by product line or specific customer, will reveal important items like product lines or batches of data by gender, age group and more. Even better, you can automate this data model by using a cloud based ingestor, which uses a web service subscription to send this refreshed data through other services, eventually feeding this data model to a Power BI backend that will be actively analyzing your data. Of course, as of now, there is no way of sharing the exact scale or number of times this was executed on each data source. But if you want to be taken seriously, you can sign up for our Power BI Power BI training right here!  In addition to Power BI training, you can also install data models and programming software on your own using the Azure HDInsight ML or Azure Data Factory. The installation process is similar to that used to train business intelligence systems like Microsoft's SQL Server against traditional database systems. The first time you install HDInsight, you will need to acquire a Data Factory Pro license to use Azure Data Factory. Then, once the Data Factory Pro license is purchased, you can install and configure HDInsight in the cloud using the sample GUI solution. While the basic installation is pretty easy, you can add additional components using the Dashboard page in HDInsight. This is where you can add a bit of your own embedded AI into some of the components!  To begin, you will need a Custom Data Factory Pro license. To get this license, you will need to acquire a Data Factory Pro license from Microsoft. As you acquire your Pro licenses, they remain in your tenant’s database while in Azure’s database. Your custom license may or may not be available on-premises. Once you acquire your license, you'll want to stick to your familiar, plain old ADF+$30 / month contracts. For more info, read here. Other Resources You can also collaborate in a shared workspace or in the Data Factory under Azure here! Let your colleagues in the Data Factory know what’s happening behind the scenes. Isolate
