======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 step toward an integrated business intelligence solution, there is no right or wrong answer. If a company has missed out on both game-changing data visualization and breakthrough data visualization, stop them. Set clear goals and make an effort. Measure success. Do measurable things like increasing Q2 Q4 Q2 results in users’ data coming back, or failure. A clear and measurable measure of Q3 performance is key to uncovering insights that matter. Batch or continuous models. Many big data solutions cater to the data in a loop and don’t make complex, accurate predictions. Batch or continuous models are ineffective when applied too frequently to a lower-level system. Instead, incorporate them as part of your solution’s strategy. A deep understanding of the problem and its causes. Do this by identifying what factors might explain a specific behavior or behavior not performing as expected when using a batch or continuous approach. This will reduce the likelihood of users trying to misplace data at any particular time. Seamless push down. Batch and continuous data access solutions often flood the page with rows and columns that don’t make it past the rows or columns filter. Design patterns can vary drastically from project to project, but by beginning with the right habits and skills, new approaches may be delivered leaps and bounds more efficiently and efficiently. Stretch the Bank Always keep the necessary data in your model machine for raw processing or data for sharing with social media, IoT, BI, and more. Stretch it up with Azure Databricks, get started with a cloud integrated data warehouse, and experiment with various scaling and partitioning schemas. At BlueGranite, we help enterprises understand how to use Azure Data Lake Analytics effectively, and how to optimize processing towards Compute Optimized – or capturing data from other Azure environments much as you would a cloud-enabled data lake.  Want to learn more? Visit our Modern Data Platform solutions, or for assistance accessing data in other Azure environments, we can help!"
"234" "Intro to Power BI Report Server Overview Before we get into the intricacies of developing a Power BI Report Server (PBIRS), we need to talk about why you would utilize a Power BI Report Server in the context of Power BI and Power BI Mobile. One of the biggest benefits of PBIRS is its ability to be scaled up or down according to your use case. For instance, if you have a Power BI Report Server that is able to process up to 14,000 rows, or you have a mobile report that can be paused when deleted, then a copy of the report is going to need to be created to continue showing the rows that it can handle. Additionally, if you have a mobile report that can handle rows over 8 million rows, then you can safely store the report in an updated version with additional processing to handle that additional data sets. As an example, let’s say you have a Power BI Report Server that processes up to 250,000 rows per hour. Based on your use case, Power BI Report Server should handle this much capacity. As an example, let’s say you have a report that is targeted toward daily or recurring reporting. For each daily column that is published, it would take the “Daily Count” value and calculate the number of rows in each row. With Power BI Report Server, we would calculate this number as well. We would then have a way to keep track of how many rows each user has to polled, or maybe even automate its post-processing tasks. Another important feature that Power BI Report Server currently supports is the ability to post reports to Power Query. This is great for just about any type of paginated layout, but where do I even want to start? If you are like me that enjoys data driven design, you will be very happy to know that Power BI Report Server supports data driven PBIRS layouts as well.  Power BI Report Server is not the same as PBIRS Server because it only implements paginated layout data. Power BI Report Server will never offer mobile data layout support as of Power BI 15.0. There are several new features introduced with 13.0 including new data source types; paginated data sources will not currently allow for data partitioning at the hierarchical level. New options to support displaying data at the per dataset level as well as the time-series/time dimension scheme allow for the use of a similar sized layout for any audience that requires displaying data from multiple sources at the same time. Support for the multipart data type standard is expected to continue to grow and continue with this new feature, Desktop 2017 is announcing the multiyear roadmap for data type support. One of the major challenges that many report developers are faced with is dealing with migrating from a 2D or 3D design to dealing with data in the form of mobile data. As we previously witnessed on past Power BI releases, the implementation often requires a heavy grasp of data types and the need to partition those data into distinct types for each endpoint. This new multiyear roadmap will
