======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 knowledge is provided) is also available for use in Power BI. This new capability offers tremendous flexibility when planning an implementation.   Get Started!  The Azure Databricks knowledge base includes a variety of tools to help create awareness and a desire to integrate advanced analytics with enterprise data management. Among them are Power BI Desktop, a cloud-based analytics platform, and Microsoft Power BI Premium, a capacity-based environment that users can purchase per hour (currently retails for an hour and half). However, as of April 2017, developers and IT men and women across organizations can take advantage of the vast array of Databricks ready-to-use features. This article will cover five advanced workspace setting ideas that'll help you navigate the process of becoming a master data architect: LEVERAGE DATA OBTAINER Before you can begin working on your Modern Data Architecture (MDA) planning, you must understand how you could incorporate its into your overall plan for growth and business evolution. Modern data technologies – such as dimensional tracking and JSON response protocols – provide a single metadata store for your data, easily transform it into new or updated data sets, and provide a single approach to capture and analyze that data. However, with a DAX perspective, you’ll want to carefully examine how your data could be used within your organization to define a strategy, capture market share, and capitalize opportunities. Themes of Consolidation are an important first step in gaining access to an accurate, comprehensive understanding of the data you need to build an effective data architecture. After all, each and every data model creates a new headache for you and your team to confront. So how should you avoid becoming a burden to your existing data models? To simplify matters, consider trying to visualize your data for entry points (start dates) and not (end dates). This incurs a heavy sum of information penalty (date, time, location, number of previous attempts, etc.), but it’s very easy to understand the problem and clear the hump. Consider also looking at how your data could be used within your organization to identify opportunities for acquisition, growth, and customer retention. Migrating analytics to Power BI is not a new concept. AMAs have been migrating Business Intelligence (BI) tools to European and North American regions for decades. ADLA has been using the Microsoft Modern Data Platform for many years. Today, Power BI is the global leading BI product offered by Microsoft, using independent and proprietary tools to decompose, analyze, and visualize big data. However, our modern methods for data warehousing have changed little over the past 5 years, and new methodologies required additional investment. Our World Advanced BI Facility provides an excellent platform to introduce deep insight to familiar data, plus we provide an easy-to-use interface to Azure data services. ADLA’s architecture, combined with our company’s reputation for innovation, is well-deservedly. But we cannot ignore the growth of the data user base, which is expected to grow with new data consumers. And heavier users may find it difficult to every take an abundant share. What can we do to make the most of the growing user base? Within our ADLA Facility, we provide a detailed strategy for optimizing our ADLA Facilityizations. In addition, we share some of our own approaches to solve these optimization challenges. To learn more about how we can help you and your organization optimize your Power BI Facilities, contact us today. In addition to our ADLA Optimized Facilities, our Power BI Facilities also offer easy-to-use features to create alerts, share knowledge, and schedule workflows. Check out our free eBook to learn how to create an Azure Cognitive Services Portal from scratch or explore how to quickly scale an analytical database to ingest Power BI and receive performance and data alerts. Interested in learning more? We have the wealth of resources you can rely on when you need it, but our Power BI expert team is here to help. Contact us today to learn more."
"250" "This post will walk through the first report in BlueGranite’s Power BI showcase – a series designed to highlight key capabilities and tools within the Power BI platform using real and reproducible methods – and introduce the data and features used to create it. The “Employee Retention – Organizational Flight Risk” report displays the results of a real-world, predictive analytics and machine learning scenario within a healthcare organization. Its intended use is for HR to explore flight risk data (roughly defined as employees coming to the attention of employees in a highly-trained external position)cumulative over a predetermined time frame, with the potential to ofcourse be generalized to other fields of the organization. To illustrate the data,let’s look at one example where flight risk is an organization’s highest priority. As shownin the example, there are many factors influencing flight risk – including prior employment, promotions, customer relationship, satisfaction, and otherwise –but each factor is of limited use and should be weighed against another series of attributes. The series
