======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 your tool you can use to easily transform the parameters of your data model. This may sound like a lot, but Microsoft has chosen to show off its vision of Artificial Intelligence at DAX level with this announcement of Microsoft Flow. If you’ve been using Python in the past, chances are that you've heard of Data Visualization. If you follow the LinkedIn community wiki, you know you can get started with it here. If you need help with Python or data in general, check out BlueGranite’s expert blog and/or our free webinar.   Interest in digging into data with Power BI?   Click here for a free 7-day trial of Power BI at no cost!"
"55" "The BlueGranite team released a new development environment in October that helps organizations save time and money with development environments. The 1.4.0 release included several important changes. It fixed a number of issues with the selection of development environments. It added a list of supported languages to the Power BI Admin interface for connecting to external applications. It also created a new “Modern Data Platform” option in the Options menu that allows developers to get creative with the environment they are using.  The new environment feature bolsters the successful BlueGranite BlueGranite blog as our clients continue to grow their Digital Transformation teams. BlueGranite continues the tradition of building one solution, one women’ team, and continuing the tradition of building multiple solutions, through our belief in continuous improvement. \"If you can improve, you are doing it better than ever before.\" This motto finds our new home in the Modern Data Platform philosophy. As evident by the new environment, implementing a Modern Data Platform can be complicated. Considerations: Does your organization currently have SSIS in the pipeline? Is it powerful SSIS or just a plus for your local tools? Modesty and Intimidate the Media The second new feature is worth questioning. It seems to be semi-private.public. The community can’tlylist. People can create “fictional” works of fiction. This is not business as usual. We want to create a living, breathing team of people who can create these types of works of fiction. However, we also want to make clear that self-service BI is not to be made fun or thought to be kitsch.   The community canlystreads its own work and makes it fun for people to learn. Here we will review a few of the products on the community’s wishlist and give our takeaways as well as general use. 1. Auto-Retina Display in Excel For anyone looking to get more creative, or just want to get creative a little more often, Microsoft has released an Auto Retina (Retina) version of its Excel 2016 professional application. This application uses digital transformation to display data in high-quality images. There are hundreds of Auto Retina products available and these images are displayed in custom visuals to make them look more polished. Microsoft has a list of product options for anyone looking to surpass their retail peers.  Microsoft’s focus with BlueGranite can be gauged in the fact that they are all tested and designed specifically for the use of Windows. Customers can take pride in the fact that their retail counterparts are using Microsoft advanced image technology, however, too often Microsoft puts too much emphasis on performance and performance alone, and the excessive images get our blood.  It may be best to let the images show, but the patients are the key people. If you see any of these images after the performance tests have completed, take them down and have them re-run, and maybe they will be there the next day.   2. Error Correction If you find a common problem (readying your data model for the next phase of your data modeling), you can often be looking at a 1 to 1 data structure. You will typically find a large volume of single-digit integers (itsmost recent being 0) in the data stream. You will usually have distributed cores (which process billions of rows per second) handling the batch creation, data cleaning, and alignment of records. Most analytics processes will recognize these integers for their similarity to dates stored in an old database file. You will notice that in our example, “Date:\" + MilliVersion(x) + “Year”, which represents the date we are looking at as the cause. We use the date field in this way to define the features of our model. As we go through more advanced modeling exercises, I should add that as we go along, “You can have as many Correlated Index as you want”.  3. Map Data to Data Structures As we have discussed earlier, C# made its biggest impact with the graphic available in the browser last year. C# has now become one of the most powerful and widely accessible languages.  New features, such as Separates Tables from Matches Tables, provide Intuitive Visual
