======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 is used for testing.   Additionally, data cleansing will cleanse and facilitate the whole environment for data cleaning and the creation of reporting requirements.  At this point, you should have a tool that can cleanse, automate and meet your reporting reporting needs.  The solution certainly makes it accessible to people who wouldn’t know how to access unless they had spent time in the pages of a government agency. And of course, its ability to ingest, process and analyze many tons of data – including streaming, unstructured data – makes it a must-have for production teams. If you would like to learn more about how BlueGranite can help you build a data-centric business, contact us today.  Our expert team includes three full-time and six subsequent-year MBA admissions experts. Helping your organization harness, capture and store Big Data insights is what Microsoft does best. Contact us today to learn more."
"112" "Every business leader must be ready to adopt new and innovative capabilities to take advantage of the business value that keeps these organizations successful. One of the chief responsibilities of business operations is improving business efficiencies. Driven by data and analytics allows businesses to identify and slow costs down. And through data and analytics, companies can reap high, deep, ROI (Return on Investment) and improve efficiency, efficiency, growth outcomes, and productivity.  Why is this important? Two, by capturing data and analytics capitalizing on success, companies can use it to reduce costs and increase output. Third, because new technology allows capital to migrate faster and deeper into the organization, from one place to another, reducing resources that need to be directed to areas closer to the customers. One key way to capture and utilize this data and analytics in effective ways is through our partner, Microsoft’s Data Platform Suite. Visit our site to read more about our partnership and learn to use the free tool to build reports and dashboards for your organizations. BlueGranite is committed to expanding original, innovative companies. Please contact us today to discuss how we can work with you to help you in any way you are able.   "
"113" "Power BI Premium can be a disaster. For years, customers have been able to just about use and take advantage of Premium on their existing and new SMB, enterprise and self-service BI models. If you want Power BI Premium, you must either have it already, or you'll have to migrate your existing model to Power BI Premium. Either way, migrating your existing data to Power BI Premium is a disaster. For one thing, Power BI Premium only offers a single version of Power BI: Premium. Secondly, even with dedicated capacity in Power BI, migrating to Premium requires a larger set of tasks. Thirdly, and this is the worst case scenario, you'll have to rework your business decision-making as well, but make no mistake, Power BI Premium is far more powerful and useful than what you paid for. Finally, Power BI Premium requires a custom solution that is supported by Power BI Premium. To make sense of all of this, consider deploying a SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) or Azure PBIRS service to Power BI Premium. SSIS and Azure RServer can be considered services, since they are part of the Power BI premium model. You can also deploy your data model as a staging server (scheduler) and use a SQL Server staging area to perform SSIS or Azure RServer containerizations on the disconnected model. Since SSIS and Azure RServer only offer a single version of Power BI, you have a superseded Premium version. If you are only considering Power BI Premium, you might consider deploying multiple products with a single migration, or you might deploy a single business solution. In conclusion, if Power BI is going to be a global business, it needs premium. If it's a local premium, it needs partner. And if you’re deploying to multiple vendors and their product lines, you’re only scratching the surface. If you lose adoption, you could lose investment. Here’s a glimpse at what's on offer in the Premium tier:  If your reporting and insights use the Power BI service, you can import up to 10 data models, or import up to 5 data models at a time. Each model has a specific penalty, such as a high-level paginated report’s geospatial dimension limit. If you’re a traditional BI tool, you can import up to 10 data models, or up to 5 models at a time. This gives you up to 4 data models per data model, each representing a geospatial dimension limit. With Power BI Premium, you can import as many models as you want, allowing you to invest in components that meet the most common use cases. There is no need to plan for months-long refreshes or migrate copies as you're already planning where to add, discover, retain, or manage your reports. If you need assistance with a
