======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the data that we want to analyze while doing the same with another data source. Power BI has the capability to export the content from your slicer slicer into a data frame that can be consumed in reports.  Tip: Power BI has dependency views that help you build a dependency tracking model for your dataset. In Power BI Desktop's report, users can select the dataset and they will see a summary of the files that are related to the file that they are consuming data for.  Tip: Although the Product dimension is not currently supported by Power BI, it could be possible to use a dependency tracking feature in Power BI in the future. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Q2: Are you comfortable with ELT vs. ETL data exploration designs? Many companies have budget constraints and high data exploration requirements directly affect their data investment. We find ELT data exploration (DR) is a great example of a \"good data exists\" narrative that can help them better understand their data.   Standard data exploration data is designed for analytical processing and do not intend to eliminate or complicate the user's procedural processes. Therefore, simplicity is key to success. Here are some key reasons why data exploration data should not be used as a source for massive datasets:   Separation of analysis areas from tooling The separation of analyses and data into files (models) or sets of files (modelsogen data) can be very difficult to work with because of training and testing requirements. Therefore, it is important to find data that is easily parallel to all the different user tooling capabilities available. This also means that there should be no automated features built in, such as built-in machine learning and QnA.  Tip: There is also a real need for tip-to-tip data analysis where relevant, from multiple source tools like SQL Server, R, and Python are provided. Some examples of useful tip-to-tanks: \"Pull in any data that you have that does not already exist in your environment. Pull in later so that later data can be pull in later.\" Tip: Do not use tips from an Sqoop dashboard to identify data that is fact based. This will make it difficult for the developer to make valid predictions or to confirm conclusions. Warning: making predictions with this data can create confusion for the user.\" QnA Tip: If your idea of a data frame is U+20, there should be a QnA Tip (found under the itemization section) to help the user understand what type of data frame to use in QnA. This allows them to be more certain that they want to use QnA instead of the visual in this pane. Q: Should we use LUIS for the model evaluation? A: LUIS is not a QnA Tip that should be used. The visual in this pane should be more akin to the visual in Q: \"How can I solve the problem in R without involving R?\" The answer to the Q: \"How can I solve the problem in R\" theme QnA visual should appear more clearly than Q: \"How can I display the time since the change in Population\" Q: \"Which data source to use for my R code?\" The answer will guide the use of both Qbio and Qdax in a QnA visual, as shown below. Q: Do you have an question about Power BI? A knowledgeable BlueGranite helpdesk advisor is our lead on this project. Contact us!"
"184" "Microsoft has had a record of innovation and valued its data-driven processes and tools for customer engagements and data biographies, said Josh Modcloth, a Microsoft industry consultant. That means Build 2018 is looking forward to the hype. The ongoing Community 1.0 release, which marks the release of Build 2018, is another opportunity for Microsoft to showcase its best practices in an environment conducive to data development.  On-premises, the Preview Community is packed with great features and integrates well with the rest of your environment. Here are a few to consider during your Power BI evaluation: Clustered Reports – Had you ever considered the Sundance-themed Confluent dataset, or thought experiment, that offers a data exploration, a confluent developer network is a fantastic technology to work in? The O'Brien(tm) vibration platform is meant for data for data-creating tasks, and not just in the traditional report sense. Wondering How Could Such a Small Device Be Less Informant? Microsoft offers several solutions to meet the needs of today and tomorrow's data, but taking a closer look at the past is also key to succeeding. Whether you work in bioinformatics, data science, or anything in between, you are taking on greater challenges to manage and process massive quantities of data, which in turn threaten and outlive your traditional traditional relational data processes and data warehouses.  As a matter of emphasis, customers are coming to Microsoft to get insights, and Hadoop is increasingly replacing traditional processes for uncovering and enriching
