======== SAMPLE 1 ========
NAS  and Microsoft Azure . The goal of this post is to highlight the many options and make the most of your dedicated online presence. Understanding which services are most useful and which are not practitioned with your clients' own systems. Integrating Power BI and visualizations with old Excel spreadsheets in Visual Studio is as easy as downloading them from Microsoft. If you are sick and tired of having to learn all you can at once, why put down your Excel? There are performance tools on the web that will do the job for you quickly and efficiently. Microsoft includes a Pro license for even the most demanding ETL development, so you don’t have to plop all your eggs into a Jupyter-->Development Center VM. You can also rename your files, so you can deal with any whooping cough or slow data sources that come your way. Getting started with Power BI If you are familiar with Power BI Desktop or Flow, you probably already have some Power BI knowledge and will be happy to know that Power BI Premium is available as well. Power BI Premium is an updated design to the popular free tool, specifically tuned for mobile platforms. It offers a way for developers to author their own mobile BI apps, complete with built-in icons, features, and features that most BI apps simply don't have. Let’s take a look at how you can take advantage of this HUGE free tool and take advantage of what you have. 1. Type as Administrator on your phone If you have an older Power BI that couldn’t be updated or couldn't be installed from Microsoft, you might want to install it as Power BI Premium will allow you to modify its permissions based on your organization’s collection of scopes. This is especially relevant if your organization has a requirement such as healthcare collaboration or data warehousing permission requirements. 2. Type as a Service user rights If you are using a custom app (a demo only), with no access to the data or permissions at your facility, the user(s) who write the scripts should have the following user rights: 1. Permission to publish to GitHub any published app and any permission to remotely publish to GitHub any app that isn’t authorized to publish to an existing GitHub workspace. This should be added to app.rb files in your workspace. 2.Permission to distribute mobile reports, in the form of PDF, Word, Excel file, or link bar files. This setting should be added to all app access rights issued to users by Microsoft to ensure that they have appropriate permissions at any given time.  You can find more information on sharing in the Power BI documentation site. 3.User rights to publish, distribution, and use of published and redistributed apps. This user(s) right is currently reserved for in-app purchases, Power BI Premium embedding and the T-SQL database driver. Due to its import from data warehousing APIs, apps created by this team should have appropriate user rights.  With the release of Premium features, these apps should have licenses for every set of users.  With the apps licensing, ensure that your organizations have drivers thatelist users against each other, or users assigned to certain permissions may not be available. 4.Logins users should interact with remotely.  This is a group setting that is only enabled for users that have logged into their Office 365 account.  Make sure to assign everyone to your tenant accelerator training accelerator when you reach out to your team for assistance.  5. Personalized tools that reduce reliance on third parties for authorization If you are using a combination of both Power BI Desktop and Power BI Premium, you can use the Custom View available in the Power BI Desktop App to enhance your customized access strategy for your organization.  The Custom View offers options for adding custom sign-in capabilities for users that have granted access to your account. To create these tools, users must navigate to “Manage Access to Custom View” within the Power BI Desktop app.  The Create Custom View options area identifies and delesates the various visualizations for which users have granted Power BI Premium access. They can be shared among all users at any point during the access journey. By creating these capabilities within the Custom View, there is no need to navigate to the Dashboard to accomplish this detail. Ability to Share Images with Two Users Another similarity between Power BI and Office 365 is the ability to share images with two users.  This is a feature that was previously unsupported. One similarity between Power BI and Excel is the ability to share images with two users. This can be useful for spreadsheets, dashboards, and websites. Ability to easily organize and display images in custom view This is not a blog post, it’s not one would expect Microsoft to put together a multi-day custom view calendar. If you’re standing up and going, \"Oh my gosh, this looks really awkward\", think again. To share an image,
