======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Data. For more help handling a new client who is looking for details or answers, BlueGranite can help right your existing customer relations crisis."
"172" "Over the last few years, Microsoft has introduced a new set of business-focused tools and features in R that are now helping organizations harness emerging capabilities across business intelligence to harness new opportunities in digital transformation.   The R Toolbelt is here and Microsoft R Server, the first system of its kind on the planet, is consolidating your data into a more influential location in your organization's digital transformation strategy.  What’s happening in the world of smart cities is not new.  But the world of corporate data is. Microsoft introduced a new set of service tools here this year that address three major challenges facing today’s data-rich environments: Data quality is often a factor behind affordability of data (Internet of Things – Retail); however, performance is an important indicator of whether a feature is supported by an enterprise customer; and, most fundamentally, what kind of end-user experience best fits your organization’s use cases.  We must assess the toolbelt and learn what ‘it is, what use cases it meets, and how it can best shape the broader public sphere.  There are many ‘we’ in the public realm already know and trusted – trusted to build innovative products and services that enrich our employees, enrich our community, and foster discovery and collaboration, and trusted to deliver value to their hearts and minds.  Often, they simply do not have the answers for the questions we ask ‘customers: whom, where, and when.  Our Knowledge Mining Team responds by answering ‘how do we get data into the world?’."
"173" "Microsoft R Server with Power BI, Power BI Embedded, and Azure is a mature product in the Microsoft R team that supports the following goals: Support enterprise-wide use of many of the commonly used tools and packages Standardizes and supports both standalone and in-package development; development using the same release cycles Supports distributing and leveraging software and metadata data As a service, Microsoft R Server is an attractive platform to support the broad use cases that it helps support. While the product supports some commonly used functionality in some of the more complex environments, it is generally well supported by the needs of work environments, data science development, and data science ETL scenarios.   Power BI was created as part of Microsoft’s transition to self-service BI with Power BI – an exciting opportunity created by BlueGranite’s Matthew Rowland. Microsoft’s modern product dramatically simplifies implementation. The ability to consume and share content across multiple reporting and reporting tools seamlessly blends business analytics, and business value. Customers love the ability to get to work with Power BI. Customers can deploy different BI models through the easy-to-use Publish New to View models for Product and User actions menu item in the R console. Power BI Embedded tools enable users to get on and consume of production-grade Power BI content that is not possible with a proprietary product environment such as App Insights or Report Server. Customers can even consume and share reports and dashboards directly from Power BI without the limitations, bandwidth, and configuration required for a full-fledged BI application. Azure features enable organizations to deploy enterprise-grade Power BI development clusters directly from Power BI without the infrastructure, cost, or enterprise subscription requirements.  Microsoft offers a wide range of custom solutions for developing custom solutions for R Server and Data Lake Store deployment. From the customer experience development to deployment features, each one of these tools provide a common set of tools for users and developers. Custom solutions provide a common set of tools for developers and end users, and ensure that custom solutions provide the tools, platforms, and maturity for the larger adoption requirements for R Server, Data Lake Store, and/or other Microsoft integrated solutions.   R Server has multiple dimensions and uses different materials, so it cannot be utilized by all customers. In addition, customers can implement third-party solutions that emulate the functionality of standard Power BI projects and become dependent upon the functionality of those in R Server. In these scenarios, Microsoft offers either direct client-server solutions with internal end-to-end relationships, or its R Server line of business solution with Data Lake Store provides both direct client-server and hybrid solution with multiple implementations that may be desired. Finally, R Server with Azure Active Directory for third-party connectivity may require a separate customer-to-client effort to adoption requirements.  Customers can build their own solution for Direct Client-based client-server with alternate methods for deployment (such as Azure Data Blob Sharing or Direct Connectional Administration). R Server is also suitable for third-party deployments, where customers would prefer a centralized solution in which to provision for those scenarios. If you’re considering third-party R Server deployments from a traditional PaaS offering, we have a great blog post exploring how PaaS can work
