======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 little things to make important in your planning process seem easy without immediately knowing the basics. For example, the process for defining your loan amount has been shown in numerous books and has been shown in many marketing videos. But how do we know if we are considering the purchase of a house or a new flat in the city? When does our economic team start to approach the extent of a project like that for a project like this? When does the dashboard above go from being a dashboard built with technical skills to a massive painting job that every client is going to love? It’s complicated, and clients are paying for it. Take a look at the part of the dashboard where we have spent so much time talking about strategy and the importance of clarity in analysis. For this dashboard to stand a decent chance of making the bank, we need to establish who owns the data, and who can answer the question, “who controls the information?” In other words, we’re putting forward a clear proposal to the right tune and we’re committed to your team and your goals. And we want it right. Why do we need to make data independent? It isn’t enough to just “share” data on a dashboard. We’ve got to make it accessible to the human team who also has a stake in the dashboard. Think about PowerPoint. You have presented your estimates in a way. You have grouped and grouped data. You can clearly see the percentage of the company’s data you want to share with the BI team and can.obviously if you want to left it on that page for all of a second, no one is going to analyze it for that single price. it is something that should be available for purchase everywhere and only available at one point in time. i.e., your local supermarket. 2. Explain why a dashboard needs to be displayed When a dashboard is first created, users have the option to: Choose one of the options below to display it on the page:  Or, Choose Multiple Options to View the Map After creating the dashboard, if you would like to edit the data in the dashboard during your development cycle, you can choose to Edit Once or Edit Multiple Decks – or both. You can add either option to turn the page: Off the Map The Map will turn off most Map notifications at the time of your change to Open Data. Enable the Map during the Requirement Parameter page.  If you would like to more easily disable Maps during development, you can add the Edit Multiple Decks option to the end of your Development Overview page:   Off the Overview page Choose the RDM Database Service (available on-premises) from the drop-down menu when you edit your Development Overview page Choose the Location tab when you select the Regional location for your Database Use Case A Database that is installed in a rural area versus a hub city mode database versus a data warehouse database versus a data flow database is also in the page for Databricks. While these are useful features, they require planning around both the development (master database) and release cycle (up to 10TB) phases. Planning around the development phase means you must be realistic that there will be many users (especially senior administrators) that would never have the control and the data that is currently sought in the desired format will be useful in future projects. Conversely, if you would like to avoid that long-term target of 10TB records (due to unsupported types and unmet storage commitments) you can decrease the number of master data requests by only two or three. Remember, there are four levels of compute that reside on Databricks: High, Intermediate, Store, and Release. If you are creating new data requests with your Master Data setting lowered, you can create a final data request with your High level setting and off-load your Master Data format data to Databricks Pipeline or use the Master level store setting for data that is initially requested. Your Master Data level can be either stored data or compressed (called a zip file or snapshot). If you are new to Databricks or Data Lakes, the philosophy here is the same: Initially, derive value and train model, but repeat as necessary additional time-consuming steps. When you get to a point where you have a model that is consistently thought of as a Batch or Clustered state, you: Get ready to scale back model for better performance and more storage security Compute your raw master data to Databricks in near real-time, extraction, and consumption from master data Is it OK to be new to Databricks and not know how the platform is, anyway? On the contrary, Databricks is worth a try if you have a rich set of existing features that you are new to: It’s a distributed, replicated Data Lake that can be used for large data processing and serving applications with 100% accurate and secure data without requiring root access Some of the stateful features of Databricks include the built-in reading and writing, scheduled
