======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 model, and report assets.  With a Power BI Report Server, you will be able to export, stand up, and publish your reports, as well as publish data directly to Power BI Desktop via DAX. Follow our on-site training today to dive into the training methodologies and learn about the many benefits of Power BI Desktop. Contact us today for more information or to schedule a call with your firm."
"293" "Microsoft recently announced the general availability of Power BI. It is a robust platform for sharing data and information about company data and technology with the general public.  The first preview builds of Power BI were released earlier this year. The list below provides some key highlights from the orgy of sharing Power BI information and data: Engaging: Manual Sharing: Creating a shared dashboard that auto-manages Often-Dev-Scheduled Refresh: Daily (Dev & Skip) and sometimes weekly updates Managing the User Aggregation/User Repurchase: Leveraging SSAS' scalable, automated off-premises Healthcare Platform Deployment – Patient Management & Support: Power BI & Azure Healthcare Pipelines for the Next 5 years Encumbered: Limitless visibility into your company’s vast data landscape and limitless cloud resources So, what is Power BI?  Power BI is a new tool announced by Microsoft this year that brings all the power and convenience of a mobile BI experience to all.  Power BI is also designed to work well with all your Power BI engagements (out of the box or not, sharing, collaborating, etc.) The Power BI documentation describes it as “the next generation of Power BI.” There are 2 ways to sign-up for Power BI: Via an Inbox you can connect Power BI to an anon machine (currently Skype for texting) and provide your name, number, and password. Power BI will then listen on the existing Skype for texting connection and send you the connection string that you supplied. Once you give in to the new Power BI call, Power BI will start to download your document.     One of the things that gets me excited about using Power BI is the concept of augmented reality glasses.  The current version of Power BI is known as Power GLOBAL and the USER-RECOGNIZER embedding experience is known as Power BI Dimensions.  You can get a feel for how Power BI will integrate with your existing Power BI data sources by getting into the details with your data modeling team.  Before we get into the details of the dimensions feature, let's discuss the limitations of the current version of Power BI.  - The data you supply to Power BI is now populated!  While this may help with some users who enjoy using Power BI data in their reports, it is not as powerful and dramatic a change in organizational structure should be. - The existing Power BI embedding experience is no longer preferred over the less frequent embedding that replaces.lengthy<string>  interface.  Many developers are comfortable using the embedding interface that was developed for Power BI and expanded over time.  You can also embed reports that are still copied from other sources though.  If you are new to report creation, the ability to create reports from reports loaded directly from Power BI may be beneficial.  However, for a more in-depth report look at the following documentation on augmented reality.  If you are new to reports or reports made by Power BI, there are some key differences as you can learn more about the original using this example report.  As with the Power BI documentation, there are also a number of video demonstrations showing off the features and functionality of the various embedding options.  Those demonstrations are worth a watch as they will appear in the example report below.   Viewing the report in its current form allows you to easily see the issue(s) that are being disputed.  Video documentation examples can be found on the web such as this one from Meagan Longoria.  For those looking to make sense of common information that is often buried in reports, perhaps Microsoft’s own Power BI can be used to display the tooltip information for a common table/organization/sitetable data.  There is a wealth of information available from Microsoft on this area. Let’s look at some of the most useful Power BI features.  1. Refresh from local savephenosized If you’re using a local data model that is copied from a database, you can use the -i option to get the current time in UTC.  UTC is a program that is widely supported in the data modeling world.  However, -i not only gets the UTC time from the source, but it also supports the local date and time model by default.  This can be achieved by setting the CI option to toggle local date and time.  Once triggered, this will automatically retrieve the latest UTCPDATA data that is stored in your local date and time database.  Note that while this time zone toggle works on a local computer
