======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 your product/service in real time. Microsoft provides information and support that you can access with a click of a button, including training your team on how to deploy custom applications. You can even easily access your data in real-time without using any form-a-service requirements.  Azure Data Factory’s flexibility means that it can be used on a multitude of businesses in a multitude of languages. With both extended flexibility and the easier access to data it offers, Microsoft is now the leader in the cloud analytics space. If you are looking for “how do you build an app in the cloud” or “just a data lake” then Acme is your right-hand parent company of I Know First. Other companies that have joined us in exploring Azure include Microsoft, Disney, Universal, and... Free View in Metadata, Pub Series, and Reporting APIs For those of you that don, there is Metadata, a new series of APIs from Microsoft called Metascapes. Metascapes was originally started by Jay Aldous and Jason VanDerveld, all U.S.-based data engineers who both love Microsoft Data and want to use it for good. There are four distinct forms to explore: Formats: Formats were first introduced to us at Embedded in Safari in Mapping and Mapping Data with Row-Level Security, so they represent a welcome change of pace from the days when users would first need to register and access the data. Row-Level Security: Row-Level Security is a new type of security in Metadata that helps ensure that data can safely and securely be moved around when it is hidden.  Data: Data was introduced to us as a trusted third party partner in the Azure Data Lake Store, so it is supported (and sometimes outright forbidden) to store all of the raw data stored in Azure SQL Data Warehouse (DW). Pubs: Pubs are a new type of security in Metadata that helps ensure that a data subject can safely and securely transfer around when she is hidden. Security: Security is a new type of security in Metadata that helps help ensure that a data subject can safely transfer around when she is hidden.  Data: Data was introduced to us as a trusted third party partner in the Azure Data Warehouse Store, so it is supported, and sometimes outright not allowed, to store all of the raw data stored in Azure SQL Data Warehouse Warehouse.  In addition to the new Security, another new type of security is available in the Data Factory, that makes its presence felt across Azure Analysis Services and Azure HDInsight into Azure Data Factory and Azure Synapse. Maps: Maps are a very old technology that were first introduced to us at U.S.A. So they represent a very notable change of pace between Formats and Tabular models. Data: Data was introduced to us at us, so they represent a very notable change of pace between Tabular and One-dimensional models.  Security: Security is a new security type in Metadata that helps ensure that a data subject can safely transfer around when she is hidden. Data: Data was introduced to us at us, so they represent a new pace of transport across the planet.  Azure Synapse: Azure Synapse is a new type of security added to Azure SQL Database Engine. It helps safeguard data integrity, security, and scalability.  Security: Security is a new type of security in Metadata that helps safeguard data integrity, security, and scalability.  Security is a great security model to wrap your models around and predict what could be happening in the future.   As an advocate mentately named Microsoft-aligned blog, we blog at discovering new across the board advanced analytics innovations and sharing our insights with the rest of you! If you would like to discover what's out there in the advanced analytics space and find your own unique ways to use the data in Azure Metadata that you have in Azure Synapse, Microsoft has you covered. If you share your research with the world and want to hear from a system like ours, we could help. Contact us today!"
"112" "As the year has now almost passed and the lights went out at the end of December and January and everything just went down an empty gutsy low that was kind of winter silence, it seems quite normal that we might not see each other again for a while.  Or maybe it went down, if you know the truth.  As the year has now almost passed and the lights went out at the end of December and January and everything just went down an empty gutsy low that was kind of winter silence, it seems quite normal that we might not see each other again for a while.  You know, the one where you know you could be doing a great
