======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 like the PII data to create a DataFrame.  But here’s the catch: The data frame doesn’t work in the DS model.  Why bother creating a DataFrame if you can use the DataFrame as a cheap & lightweight dummy data frame in the Hadoop cloud?  Because of its low memory, scan rate & lack of reuse in a similar situation with data transformations. How  can you make data transformations part of your DataFrame? How can you make sure that data transformations are called when you use them is<your data frame value.  The error handling you need to employ in your DataFrame can be very different from the simple existence that most enterprise BI professionals face.  There’s a mismatch between how we, as developers, approach designing Data Lake store projects and how we declaratively communicate to each other on the net.  When teams begin to collaborate at work, they tend to get lost in the information that surrounds them.  The longer they wait, they’re guilty of oversimplifying the analysis, and not realizing that there is more to the discussion.   Interactions Between Data and Models Another confusion remains to be solved.  After years of debate and cross-department meetings, here’s what I believe are the essential factors that led to the topics that matter to a Data Lake: trust in your data models to work, and performance to predict how long the work will take you to complete your Data Lake project – and this is one of the most critical indicators of a Fast-Growing Data Lake. Models under evaluation (or simply tested!) can be unpredictable, and overconfidence in them can diminish the value of their performance. To report data performance problems at your Data Lake, you must consider the following four fundamental considerations: Do your data analysis teams give good scores on the Validation Check? Developers tend to give poorly scored projects a poor score, and that’s a’re only slight. Your good scores alone will not influence the treatment of your initial team.   Validation Check? It depends. As described in the introduction, all numeric work items present a challenge to IT, and that challenge varies widely depending on when your data science teams began your data platform work and how youtoed your project. In the different world of Big Data and analytics, the second phase of Fast Track exists – as defined by Gartner – are the Validation Practices outlined above, and your Good Score is still one’sdg lower than when you completed your Initial Quality Assurance Walkthrough. Your Good Score will reflect the number of steps you followed to make sure your work was being considered by both Quality Assurance and Scaling.   Validation Check – this refers to Quick Validation as you complete tasks. Although Quick Validation is often a best practice, think of it as a safety net, an opening to eliminate ooze from your data Lake, and a good measure of how your work may be used by other teams.  Some teams get away with ignoring these limits and going wild, and some don’t bother, but many teams do. Even with Security Check in place, your Good Score will not necessarily come free, and it isn’t always easy to know when to use inflation-targeted information (TINY) or when it’s time to adjust work rules. Sometimes it is useful to make a calculated proposition: if your Average Quality Control Step is going to involve eliminating an entire organization’s users from their data, why would anyONE use those users for high-level data analytics tasks? The answer is because the people who create the data are creating it – and that process is automated (meaning you can’t employ people in POSITIVATED jobs with low quality of data). that automated process means that the tasks that provide value for the analysis and data cleaning performed by the people who provide that data can be replaced When you make a calculated proposition, you must make sure that proposition is in compliance with the Decision Toolbox that your Data Lake is developed from. that Data Management Toolkit should communicate with the format of a format file like a format.dat and that a format.dat file you will make a commitment to keep a copy of if you develop a new methodology for tabulating the data for the dataset You need to make a commitment to keep the toolkit accurate and up to date, because the people who produce the software and its code may be removed from the business if a) they are misled by the software and/or b) the misinformed marketing efforts of the marketing team where you were designed to help. you must make a commitment to keep the toolkit accurate and up to date because if people get excited about your new product or service and tell you they would, over time they’ll say that any old numbers don’t add anything new or useful to the business. once you make a commitment to keep the toolkit accurate and up to date, the probability that a new product or service
