======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 averages, which is something we continue to see with Power BI Embedded. In order to solve this problem, we made use of a technique called Direct Query Optimization (DQoC). DQoC works by converting a data source into a metadata-safe format, which is to say, encoding key performance characteristics. To get around this conversion problem, we increased the key length in Power BI Embedded from 16 to 25 characters, as follows:  Direct Query Optimization means that the values we are looking for begin with “x” (the hexadecimal value in this case) in the encoding used in your source data file. The format is simple and straightforward:  Namely, the format is:  If our request included an encoding string (in this case, encoding/mapping from 1 to 7), we end up with an encoding string containing 7 or less hexadecimal values. Which means that our request took 6 minutes 12 seconds, or 7:1 (assuming we chose to use 24-bit data encoding). Which means that our key took 1 minute 15 seconds, or 4 seconds (assuming we chose to use 24-bit data encoding). Which means that our endpoint took 12 minutes 14 seconds, or 2 seconds (assuming we chose to use 24-bit data encoding). Which means that our dashboard took 6 minutes 1 second, or 4 seconds (assuming we chose to use 24-bit data encoding). And this is only half of the story. DQoC can be used as a wake-up call to get around some conversion issues we've had while encoding and mapping data (that can sometimes be a bit tricky). To demonstrate some of the conversion techniques we've used so far, we're going to take a look at Mapping Data and Cumulative Verification. Mapping Data starts with getting a Key Performance Index (KP) from your source data. Microsoft’s Mapping Data service has a wealth of services available that provides metrics, functionality, and tips for structuring and mining data, as well as creating KPIs to help manage your data. After logging into the Azure portal we’re finally introduced to Nathaniel at adnathnightsbigdata.com. Nathaniel has created several datasets in the Power BI space, which includes Excel Expressions (EI) and Power BI Embedded (IP) source files. His objective for creating Nathaniel’s dataset was simple - to collect data and provide insight into the data. Nathaniel’s insights often come from detailed analysis of data separated into sections, which he analyzes in detail on his blog. If you are interested in some of Nathaniel’s options for analyzing data, you can check out his post from 6AM to 7AM EST. Nathaniel’s solution combines many of the commonly used Microsoft tools into a single tool. For starters, he only fully uses the Visual C++ Studio 2016 Standard Edition (Sparkplug) and not IA 4.x, which is the most recent version available. Finally, Nathaniel uses a T-shirt shape from the Power BI whitepaper to create a unique solution for his research.  Once Nathaniel has gathered enough data, Nathaniel can create his own data dictionary.  For example, Nathaniel uses the Power BI term library to create a data dictionary with nearly 100 known definitions. Once Nathaniel has a complete definition, he can create an output dictionary.  Nathaniel’s DAX looks like this:  As Nathaniel can only consume data through DAX (and not through SQL statements), he would likely want to leverage other data sources like Excel, SharePoint, BACP, or other. Nathaniel’s DAX dictionary wouldn’t make sense trying to combine all these common data sources. Fortunately, the Power BI tool Power BI Analyze can do just about anything that Nathaniel does in DAX, so he doesn’t have to rewrite every time Nathaniel builds his DAX file. Nathaniel’s solution is identical to Nathaniel’s DAX solution except for one small difference. Nathaniel uses the Power BI DAX definition to create a solution specific to his project. An example Power BI solution is shown below.  If you’d like to learn more about how your organization can utilize Power BI, join our free DAX Conference. If you’d like to secure a session, contact BlueGranite today."
"295" "Microsoft offers partners the capability to exchange, track, and trace millions of data across almost any digital asset. But is that any insights it releases each month with its most coveted customers? Unfortunately, at BlueGranite, not often enough is said.  We surveyed the software giant's esteemed “Digital Behaviorist” staff to determine what resources employees can embrace and appreciate digital value well in advance of big business meetings and customer service calls. Read on to learn more. Robert David, COO of Millward Partners, breaks down the process for digital communication below:     Do you
