======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 for our BlueGranite team. Our mission is to provide expert advice, technical solutions, and analysis to business intelligence professionals. We offer support, training, and support to clients in all levels of experience, whether they are new to the field, veteran or aspiring to be one. We are a top-notch team with many years of experience. We encourage all BlueGranite staff to apply."
"167" "Microsoft introduced Windows 9 in 2015 with the release of the Power BI Desktop Client. With the release of the Windows 9 Desktop client, we quickly saw the value – and not just in visuals, but in the ability to integrate with other apps via DirectQuery and other functionality. We loved the design and its seamless integration with other applications, and we found Windows 9 made an important first step towards delivering the best of the best, without a doubt. We also loved the fact that it allows customers to connect with a variety of capabilities for more immersive experiences. What do you think of the new updates to Windows 9? "
"168" "Power BI’s adoption since preview has been almost too great. Now that Power BI has been around for almost ten years, we still have more days to prepare. The best-case scenario, then, is a lot closer to the release date than most people realize. With that being said, let’s recap the exciting features available in both the original BlueGranite and the new Preview versions for Power BI:    Modern Design – a fully custom-built app that lets users add, delete, or preview Power BI reports. Works with any type of Power BI report, even the Microsoft Report Editor. New Apps – a new app that will allow users to quickly create, share, and share Premium Reports across all Microsoft products. Works with Desktop, Mobile, and IoT devices. Performance – Microsoft has been very quick with performance improvements, and we’ll be glad to hear how. With this new package, Microsoft is able to deliver the same level of user-experience it delivered with the previous version of the service. In short, it is a giant step forward for Power BI. New Visualizations – Microsoft’s newest suite of modernizations is available in the Preview versions – new reports, visuals, and advanced capabilities. These new enhancements are good stuff, and we can only imagine how exciting this will be for all users. Power BI now also features much, much more, more powerful visualizations. New Reporting – a new report format was added in the Service Preview version to allow viewing of Power BI reports. With some additional visualizations, we can now easily see all reports and images by color, category, and language. And with much, much more, we’re already seeing some great improvements. Our thoughts about the new report formats? We feel that they should be included into the rest of your report offerings as well. They’re also helpful when you want to integrate with other popular data sources, such as Power BI, data lakes, and data visualizations.  This is a really awesome update to the original service that we’ve heard so much about – really exciting for us. Hopefully, our impressions will continue to give us a look into another great service – and you can’t look at all the new features in the preview without taking them to heart. We hope we can give you more details on both the preview and the service – and let you know what we’re working on in the meantime! "
"69" "Creating an Effective Power BI Report is difficult. In many ways, it will be hard – especially when there’s no easy way to deploy it for production.  Power BI is built into most organizations by the simple fact that the content can be delivered easily.  Power BI reports are simple to create and produce and can be delivered to customers in minutes.  It's no secret that the Power BI world is growing at an exponential rate.  However, how can we ensure our end users are being well served as data and analytics assets?    The last step is to establish a dedicated reporting solution.  That’s where BlueGranite and the team at BlueGranite come in. We have worked with dozens of business leaders in the Power BI industry for over ten years, and our initial goal was to establish a team to manage and secure an appropriate platform. The team included: David Bales, Senior Vice President of Microsoft Power BI Service; Jason Dufour, Senior Vice President of Microsoft Power BI Service; Andrew Day, Senior Security and Protection Consultant; and John Fagan, CEO. We also have clients interested in joining our team to explore ways to bring their custom-designed reports in a way that works for other organizations, too.  We received over 1,000 calls for help with our development of our Power BI report solution – many from business leaders and other industry experts.  We are thankful for all our time and care, and are very
