======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 with any data source, and that most of the time the first data contact with an analytics tool will not realize it has been filtered until after it has been actively filtered.  If that data source is not considered meaningful, that is a data filter error, and the target of the data acquisition will probably be a tool that is not performing well.  In many cases, that target is knowledge of basic information retrieval methods, and technical capabilities that will allow a data lake to serve relevancy based on domain. The basic retrieval  capabilities of Azure SQL DW give us a model to design our own analytics, tailored to specific business needs. We get data cleansing, performance optimization, performance analysis, and alignment with existing on-premises data warehouse and analytics solutions. We get end-to-end automated and real-time online streaming support within Azure SQL DW in a single service. We also optimize our on-premises infrastructure for the cloud in the service’s multi-tenant self-service home office tenant.  Azure DW has real-time connectivity, so data can flow in real time. On-premises, scheduled data refreshes are also easily accomplished through the cloud. If an analytics failure occurred while the on-premises connectivity was out of scale, Azure SQL DW simply returns a broken link to the cloud. With data lakes, however, the data is typically loaded in a schedule, and the failure is treated as if it were a normal data event. When the schedule and ability to schedule data refreshes were separate services, on-premises data loads were a must, and managed and incremental data load flows were just two of the possible methods to meet delivering analytics at much-needed ease. With the availability of data better than ever before between the cloud and the cloud, Microsoft’s business intelligence and machine learning solutions extend to allow for augmented analytics at much-needed the conversational analytics model. Microsoft has a lot of ways to go over the last few years, but incorporating the modern cloud with its intelligent business analytics context have been a big success. The conversational analytics available today align with cloud-based analytics, such as on-premises Hadoop cluster computing, on-premises distributed analytics, and on-premises Azure Machine Learning.  Predictions in the Data Age Predictions in the Data Age is composed of three broad features, prediction in the future, and predicted outcomes. In the future, data will primarily pass through two dimensional models, and the model should represent the data in two dimensions. The most commonly attempted and utilized approach to delivery prediction in the Data Age is through the use of deep learning. Deep Learning is one specific way in which a platform can optimally handle three dimensional data. In this scenario, the three main features of deep learning will aid in interdependence between the analytics platform, the machine learning framework used to calculate results, the end user, and the machine learning algorithms used to create the data models. These features will sometimes be operating under the assumption that the data is predicting in terms of some common column or result, and that the user interface for predicting these values will allow the machine learning framework to perform well. For example, in the above picture, user 1 is exploring a company that has stock-type trading behavior. The company's website has a rule that only stocks with a certain price tag can be traded (a trend line rule, for that matter). However, when user 2 visits the website and right-clicks on the website gallery it spots a table column with only 10 stocks that have trades per day (URT), the exact same value as the US stock trade day. As an analytics professional, you have to be able to deliver accurate representations of the data involved in its analysis, and delivering too much or too slow can be detrimental to the analysis. Ideally, one would like to use a technique that is both elegant but challenging for standard BI systems to implement, and that is to seek to achieve accurate predictions in order to avoid delivering too much data at once. To achieve this, one typically invokes functions like Ragged or OverfitOverfit, among others. One would also like to employ well-defined, hard to interpret numerical data sources, e.g., barometric coefficients, or well-defined values assigned to certain data topics, such as sentiment, money, shares, or share price, respectively, within the analytic model. One might also like to employ well-defined categorical data sources, e.g., including only lists, numeric columns, or restricted lists, but also wish to include only items from a customer's life or demographic background filters, or perhaps with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder Mellors et al. (2010) as a companion paper. Another proposal uses predicate matching to analyze distinct data points, usually occurring over a short time horizon. A typical proposal uses a predicates package to compute unique predicate for each predicate, or unique item within a predicate, rather than use the standalone predicate genie feature. Predicate genie is particularly useful for data involving only item
