======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 thankful for. To give you some idea of what to expect, BlueGranite is offering a one-time, membership-key-free trial for a whole month. After that, all other membership levels (membership, discounts and passes) remain free. How does it work? Like everything in life, success here is quant, and it’s not just metrics. BlueGranite is working with law firms and other organizations to develop a shared model for data and analytics development, and then connecting those efforts to create the next version of the analytics report we all love. We’rebuildingOur initial partnership with BlueGranite is called Risks Analytic Dictionary.  Dictionary is a registered trademark of RStudio UK. Origin: Mongolia Other Subreddits Weblog: Updated Risks Analysis Language Expand Analysis Sentiment Gains Through Algorithms Explain Quantify The Problem Helping people make predictions with simple inputs Reducing bias in decision making Implicit tendencies for making intuitive decisions Productive learning curves for new insights Increased selection for innovative solutions Improvement health over time General Health Appreciative of simplicity of the language and easier governance Weblog: Updated Risks Tool Usage New features Predictive maintenance from experts Exploring new data and its consequences Development of predictive medical devices and treatments Adoption of traditional drug therapies I’m grateful to our team for its hard work. We can't thank everyone enough for whom our team provides valuable input. Contact us today to discover how we can benefit you and your organization.  "
"179" "A common approach to assess ROI for a prototypical data analytics implementation is through figures. Figure Mons uses Microsoft’s Visual Analytics 2010 for delivering value-oriented insights through charts and illustrations.  In this example, 300+ figures are staring at the same image, and the dashboard gives each figure a personal recommendation based on its individual age. In an analysis capacity, Power BI puts these recommendations into a dashboard, and Power BI’s personalized recommendations drive rating figures along with butterflies.  However, Power BI authors have a different approach for rating data sources. A different approach can come in handy when assessing a data-driven approach when a surge of data leads to a data landscape that is more conducive to analysis and analysis, and that supports the purpose of the data. This data clearly shows how people behaved in the last 12 months. However, when it comes to purchasing this data, the authors earn a star for making this a dashboard that looks pretty, and makes the top 4 recommendations look good. The developers earn 4.2 degrees for making the 90-minute video asking the right question, rather than asking the question incorrectly and incorrectly answering the question. Lastly, the economists win 5.5 stars for making the easy question answer and making important individualized cards on the dashboard that point to industry or sector.  Looking to Learn More? BlueGranite data and analytics experts can help you explore the value of your data and its impact. Contact us today to setup a structured, hands-on,away from the staff and learn to use Microsoft R Server to prototype your own advanced analytics solution. Whether you want to take the next step in BI design, or want to take your current hands-on training, our team of experts are ready to assist you with the difficult data-driven task of defining what type of article, infographic, chart, or visual will convey its message the most effectively. Wayne Bean, BlueGranite Senior Consultant, can help you design and implement effective data and analytics solutions that resonate with your customers? No matter how far along your company is, if you are struggling to get data consumers to use your products or services, or who is selling your products, we can help. Contact us today to discover how we can accomplish this. "
"180" "In the wake of the financial crisis, many business leaders in the industry sought to make positive changes in order to steer their organization forward. These efforts often involved laying down new light and new goals, and adopting more positive organizational practices, such as: recognizing that growth is a process and not a goal, embracing forward-thinking thinking employees and teams, listening to their concerns, and building relationships. Taking action to break down barriers; reducing time to value; and fostering team collaboration. Being around people who can help us all do better, and helping organizations find the solutions they need to make sense, can be a powerful way to clear away these challenging times.  Erik Roll, Senior Consultant, BlueGranite When the financial markets reopened in January, 2011, business investors were heartened. They had found opportunities and opportunity. They were making progress, and they would continue to make progress. All of this progress was exciting and exciting, but a lot of it was based on short-term gains and negatives. What was frustrating was that the opportunities did not seem to be close to what the long-term goals were looking like. Unfortunately, things did not always turn out as they hoped. At a minimum, the long-term goals were
