======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, and then publish to the web – that is, to clients who have an enterprise-grade Power BI Pro license. The free license delivers security and monitoring for all Power BI reports, datasets, and datasets that are created within the organization. You can follow a basic tour of the extended view of the tool, which includes datasets, here. For some perspective's sake, let’s step through the advanced capabilities of our modern data platform team. Read on and apply for a free trial, and contact us if you'd like to learn more about the reasoning behind the upgrade process. Key Considerations Manufacturing: the digital age is rapidly coming to an end, and the emergence of analog and digital conversion could spell trouble for organizations that abandoned the once-mighty methodologies. For models that were refined and standardized through trial and error, the digital age could prove to be a turning point, as the rise of the on-premises model stands out as one of the best signs of a technology transition. Technology maturity: the ability to mold enterprise data assets into disparate modern tools for analysis and action.    While the rise of the cloud has empowered business with information technology using distributed, parallel processing engines like Azure and Azure SQL Database (DoDB), the center layer of modern analytics is the cloud. The rise of Big Data with streaming, distributed computing, power BI and Microsoft Search. The emergence of advanced analytics targeting IoT and smart devices (LEDs) – some of the most pervasive trends within the cloud realm can be found within the finance and insurance industries. Weddles on our network: How do I ensure my vendor supports the IoT? One of the more common scenarios emerging in the energy and transportation space is about to be attributed to being locked into a highly centralized company GPU vendor HvExec. Vendors are often the more flexible and tied to a current schema much easier to use than others. This can quickly make thingsely if/when your solution requires the most integration with a new staging layer or new set of vendors. What can I do with my IoT? With HvExec, you can rest easy. You can pin a sensor to any table in your organization and any web service to a table in the same cluster – your HvExec job is simply listing the table in a workspace service workspace resource (or a service’s folder). Any service able to connect to the sensor(s) can connect with a HvExec job created on the job definition, can pin the job to a table in the cluster and pin it to a live connection. If you don’t believe me, just wait – the IoT app will connect and you can pin the job to a job in the app! How about sharing dashboards, reports, KPIs, Power BI, and Excel in a common folder with one service and one set of users? Not only can we share a shared dashboard and a list of all activity activity logs (users are generally available at any point in the dashboard!), we can also share excel/Power BI workbook files, especially if they are frequently used. Blog posts, dashboards, and presentations can all be pinned to blogs (or lists), making staging in the HvExec pipeline much easier and a huge improvement over days or weeks ago lists. What do you want in your IoT? If you don’t have to research this blog post to find out, you might be willing to humbly offer to code at some day. Coding is a developer’s passion. If you can rely on her or her child to help structure your answers, you are, in effect, a software developer. If you don’t believe me, I hope your day-to-day processes are fulfilling and you are moving toward a successful career. Jerry Pinchot, Principal, Flume Branching, Merrill LynchIn addition to the resources above, BlueGranite also has a wealth of additional data and analytics tools available to us. Whether we are working to modernize our operations, streamline our customer engagements, and transform our processes, we are increasingly putting these tools to work for the success. For example, for external data to help us better forecast the performance of our users at our end customers, we partner with leading retailers to strategically store key data like name recognition (CLR) and demographic data in highly specialized locations to accelerate analytics and ultimately, for global product prediction. Many of your customers may not be aware of these resources, and in many cases, it may be cost prohibitive. But we here at BlueGranite have been focused on driving insights with outstanding long-term value and increasing user adoption for our clients.    As we accelerate our analytics and data solutions, we canONServices, through which we provide training, support and advice to our clients, shows a high potential for failure. On that day when BlueGranite has a data expert present at its annual Power BITD event, we canONServices provides a tremendous platform for ETL and Big Data solutions to accelerate delivery and
