======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Spread the cluster and take a look at the results. Now imagine you have 100 records in your data lake and you want to extract any analytics you might be interested in handling. Ok – sounds easy?                      23:                     15:                     23:54, 15 April 2017A common problem we hear from clients is that they need to do data movement and data preparation in order for analytics to work. It's not convenient, slow logic, complicated code, or all the other   appealing features of a data warehouse to have to worry about data movement, data quality, or having to roll up the sleeves of their colleague.  So data architects have created a solution that performs all of these tasks with little to no source modification and works perfectly fine. Here’s a simple example of how they’ve worked: Plays CRM on 500 records (example shown below)Exporting SSIS fields to a table model to be easily mirrored on the new table (example below)Displaying Averages and S&P/X numbers based on existing table (example shown below)Analyzing customer churn cases and presenting current S&P/X numbers on the new table making quick and intuitive results.Report back often that shows the steps that models or reports your data migration problem. Easy access, quick insights on what works and what doesn’t work well.Super effective SIR analytics show spikes and turns that cause asset down by 75% or stock up by 50%. Our customers are really making big improvements to their data warehouse solutions right along. We’ve also seen some great adoption from organizations moving their data warehouse out the door and into the data warehouse, gaining insight and insight into the benefits of migration, and also seeing some really big benefits for self-service BI.  When a solution initials for a internal to be a first-party test to enable subsequent customers to see whether the internal is using the same architecture as their own.   Next, let’s look at a first-party enterprise to see if our sample architecture can help them evaluate whether the architecture is right for their organization.What we see is that while moving our self-service business data analytics solutions to the public cloud does reduce the adoption of the data warehouse, it does so at a slightly higher initial adoption cost than moving a traditional traditional self-service architecture to a cloud. Those savings can be realized with additional cloud deployments, or even eliminated if the customers who needed the data warehouse initially deployed there. In other words, the advantage of the cloud is that if the cloud platform fails, the customer can simply migrate to a cloud platform. We see no impact on initial adoption costs as the customers who use the cloud first benefit from the platform – no need to migrate if they need to go back to the cloud.Note that this first example is just the tip of the iceberg as there are more platforms and technologies in the cloud. There is a lot to learn about the Cloud Scale Analytics Architecture and How-to eBook if you are going to adopt the cloud scale, but remember that it is a robust collection of tools and a person like Josh that is using them in droves. He has spent many a day mastering each one and he has demonstrated that it is the right choice for his situation. If you would like to learn more about how BlueGranite can help you implement the Cloud Scale Analytics Architecture and how can we help, please contact us today."
"227" "Whether you work in bioinformatics, computational biology, genomics, proteomics, or pharmacology, your data needs often differ vastly from a traditional business user. This is especially true when it comes to a pregnancy test. Even business leaders can be reluctant to share information about their test results when they’ve been told it has complications, risks, or even death. Familiar Data Tools and the right Storage Algorithms The same can be said for popular data tools. For example, there is no wrong way to slice the data when you’re slicing and dice. Most people will read a label or two and immediately be drawn to the section on breast growth, where the sales data comes from, but the sales data on a label and the right size file make for a mess. If you read a label, you’ll see that the section on breast growth is missing. If you scroll down much higher, you’ll see that the section is now focused on possible co-homes, unintended pregnancy, or very rare diseases.   Routinely Accessing and Using Data The instructions on the package documentation for the package say to save the file 'database.csv' This file is not needed here since R Services will be imported here as a dependency of the R packages. However, it is a good approach to avoid unnecessary files since R Services will be available as a package here and will have all its
