======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 his experience working as a senior technology analyst. "The next step is to understand more about the team who's doing the coding, why the team is so passionate about it, and how that can better meet their needs."

Many organizations have some sort of “social network” – a system where they have a team responsible for setting up and monitoring a high-level “digital hub” and, as a result, the capacity to access and use “everyday information” from their data.” In many countries in the world, however, this “social network” has been a problem and often the solution does not include a “vending machine”.” With that in mind, this post presents a proposal by an organization to address a major challenge in this sector: managing data consumption on a digital scale. While many organizations have limited resources, their own data management practices are not ideal unless some central role is assigned to a data engineer for the department. This is an area that has become increasingly commonplace as a result of advances in modern computing, and there is some good reason for it. We see this a lot when it comes to organizational design of data consumption. The most common reason for this is that IT personnel, with limited resources, do not have the time, or ability to maintain and use existing organizational policies, but instead, a high-level role is assigned to a data engineer for the department. This role is one of many to have been created by technology, and its impact will be profound and transformative. In our last post, we discussed another approach to managing data consumption using technology, one that includes a key aspect of technology in the design: data integration. While this is an area that still faces many challenges, there is a clear and significant opportunity to harness and transform technology to create solutions which are both cost effective and which allow for business efficiency. The most obvious way to achieve this is through data governance and transparency. The governance of technology and other technology initiatives is not as straightforward as it may seem, and the use and governance of technology within organizations is often in the hands of technologists, rather than individuals. However, a technology approach to governance provides the necessary foundation to realize an effective strategy which, as a result, helps maintain organizational leadership and avoids the necessity of creating a situation where IT personnel are made to work around and manipulate technology. This approach was championed and championed by numerous Microsoft executives and experts. One of our best-studied solutions was the effort to implement a BI report model to help implement an organization's current data warehouse strategy. In our last post, we demonstrated the implementation of this technology with a Microsoft product, the BI Report Interface (BIITI). This was a great example of a success which enabled a broader and more open-minded team to work with a BI model, and enabled IT executives to see what worked effectively with traditional data warehouse solutions. It is a technique which led to the development of a broader set of new solutions which were ultimately incorporated into Microsoft's solution, the BI Report Interface (BIITI), with the hopes of improving organizational communication and reducing employee turnover and misbehavior. BIITI solutions were developed for Microsoft's self-service analytics platform, Azure, and supported a number of different industries including: Manufacturing, Healthcare and Retail. Since the development of the BI Report Interface, organizations and individuals within organizations have shown an increasing interest in data and analytics. The use of analytics in the healthcare sector is especially relevant, as is the adoption of predictive health, quality management, and disease prevention strategies. In a world where people need to spend more time with their loved ones, there is a need to have data that can help them understand their circumstances, improve their overall health and determine how best to care for them. The success, and the cost, of this practice has demonstrated that there is a strong relationship between data and behavior. This can provide insight into what is and is not sufficient, and may in turn serve as a lever to gain improved compliance with federal and state laws and policies. The use and governance of these technology solutions provide a clear and tangible understanding of the role of data in guiding business solutions to achieve its intended objectives. It is important to realize that the use of analytics may not necessarily provide a complete answer to this question at all, and we cannot expect organizations to adopt such solutions simply because they do not have an answer. We must learn more about how governance and transparency provide a framework to incorporate technology throughout an organization. While many organizations have limited resources, their own data and analytics practices are not ideal unless some central role is assigned to a data engineer for the department. Given that, there must be some other way to leverage these data and analytics practices which allow an organization to work effectively, as opposed to simply relying on a centralized system in the name of business solutions. If we would be willing to take a step back and look at the current state of technology and governance, one question that should be asked should we consider the possibilities in the light of these proposals, if at all
