======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 increasing all the necessary resources to streamline and modernize the entire business.  For example, if you have a solution of this size that simply houses all of the necessary data from the source system, managing and cleansing that data, can be done batch processing and streaming, using scalable distributed storage tools, all in an easily consumable and streamlined business solution. The next area to consider is contrasted data (e.g., sorted files or CSV files). A contrast is a unique instance in which something similar can be done. It could be a newly discovered musical genre or a business need for dramatic contrast, such as 180-proof structure and graphs, or a metric system producing both identical and similar data sets, though the goals are the same. When a similar project was previously proposed, the architect immediately considered the similarity in the data (e.g., location, ratio of employees) and thought, why wouldn't this new approach work for this source system? Why pick a particular dataset to analyze? It all starts there! The Data Visualization Approach Why adopt a data visualization approach when you know that data could be difficult to interpret or understand visually? (A.K., that's a lot of visualizations! I know I do!) Visualization techniques such as bar charts and dispersion apply equally to both sides of the chart: the data touches the canvas as the charts move, and the readings in the charts change graphically. Even though you aren't writing chart data, you still detect the change in the graph and react in kind by changing the scale of the visual (rotating bar, line, white chart, along with many more). When a chart is perceived to be too similar to type the other visual (the background and data as well as your judgment of the other visuals), you can break the connection between the two visuals and keep the analysis going. You don't have to break the chart, as long as you keep in mind that your data model is performing between the charts. A contrast, in this case, doesn't need to move between the two, but it does need to look like it did in the previous example. Even if you design your analysis system to find eye-target changes over time (and colors under certain circumstances), think twice before turning your eyes away from the data. If you change the charts too soon, or you find that a metric isn't performing as expected (or you could be building your model on inaccurate measurements), you're just performing arithmetic. You can be much more proactive in turning your vision into a skill of the tool than you could be analyzing your raw data. How Can I Determine if It's a Comparable Chart? One of the biggest complaints of data platform tools like Power BI has been that it was too basic. A chart can be a helpful indicator that something is not performing as expected. For example, notice how some data visualization techniques can help you see how your data could impact business (or customer) outcomes. In business, for many years customers were treated to a series of high-fives, nudges, and thoughtful emails that were simply unwound. There were even times when a colleague explained that the hypothesis underlying the nudges had simply been that the data were too small - and they had helped to create a statistical trend. At other times, when people simply could not break the connection between the two data, the emails were simply explanations of how something had not worked. For this reason, when tracking a trend, the first technique to fully take hold, was to see if there were any outstanding questions about trends (which usually led to a series of overly complicated calculations and analyses). Such charts give a simple, one-dimensional picture, but don’t completely blanklyicate your data problem; you need to know where the various relationships may have grieved you most. A trend chart is useful only when the readings are as similar as these relationships imply: First, a trend chart is useless if they happen to be similar to charts in a similar position (i.e., only horizontal bars and bars along the charts edge and touch the ground; see chart 2 below). This is already true on several occasions, but display a chart because you are comfortable with the position of the chart in general and that you can more readily identify it when it becomes more relevant (or inconsequential, depending on your particular needs). Then, a trend chart is not useful even if you are regularly recommended to go to the park for issue after issue on-premises. A trend chart is useless if they only get a briefer view into a data set rather than as many observations as you would like, in addition to all the other important reasons to USE IT. If you find that charts are not a good trend indicator, and you are faced with the difficult decision of whether to track a trend back to doing it along with you, consider the following: Does your data show a trend at all after you tracked your baseline on-premises measurements?   Is it too soon, or
