======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 to turn this into a big lift into the middle of the night. There are a bunch of things you should do as your time runs out. It might be time to start looking at other times to bed so that you don't wake up in the middle of the night feeling light headed. It might be time to take a break from your busy schedules and get up early to hunt for a new task that has something important to say to you. There is almost too much to say to an overwhelming number of questions and it can be overwhelming to process. Getting a chance to address a question and get to know someone gives you a chance to. There are so many ways to address a question online, how do I get into a conversation with someone else? There are so many different ways to answer this question online, how can I get into the conversation? There are many ways to get in. Most modern tools have chatbots programmed to give you answers. Chatbots can be downloaded from the AppSource Platform, or you can even put a web page together using a botnet (Continuous Breeding Event) to give immediate answers. To start interacting with your bot, it communicates using Text and a dialog box. Text is generally useful to provide quick, easy-to-understand answers. You can read more about the chatbot industry and other ways to interact with technology in this article from Microsoft and the Data & AI Summit. Chatbots can help with communication between individuals, especially when it comes to identifying important information and removing it from the database. The main challenge with starting a conversation with a chatbot is to be asked to provide more detail and specific details about yourself, or your situation. Microsoft and other technology companies have a lot of options to create rich visuals in Microsoft Office. You can search Dictionary, QnA, Microsoft Knowledge Mining, or even QnA to uncover useful information and provide technical examples. Text and a dialog box can be a great way to get to know yourself, or a question you might have about being unable to attend an event. In my experience, using text and a dialog box together, paired with Azure Databricks, alleviates this problem for a lot of you! Here are a few cool Azure features the chatbots can use to their advantage: In-memory Azure SQL Database (DW) can also be used to store events. This means that even if an event is lost or broken for you, you can retrieve data back from Azure and re-run your calculations on previous events. Cloud-based solutions are also a great way to store data from the cloud. An important thing to note about these services is that they can all work simultaneously. Azure Databricks can handle loading data to or from a cloud-based SQL database. If you are loading data to a DW, you can also connect to it remotely using Windows or Linux HOSTS connections. QnA is another great tool for gathering knowledge. You can connect with Windows or Linux Tab to talk to other employees remotely. The ability to query the data in the cloud is a little more advanced for those looking to explore large data sets. Azure Databricks can connect to Azure SQL Database(DW) with an HDInsight cluster. The cluster itself can be connected to Azure SQL Database(DW) using an on-premise connection using a proprietary Azure backbone connection technology. From the Azure portal, you can connect to Azure Databricks with the following steps… **Open a Databricks session and select the 'Start a single-server session' box from the Azure portal and wait for the service to finish processing the request. **Click 'Connect'. Note that Azure Databricks will now automatically connect to the specified DW using the specified Azure backbone connection. **Click 'OK'. The service will now connect to the specified data in real-time, even when the user logs out. Here are a few more examples using the QnA feature… QnA lets you take an existing report and ask, "Do you wish to be able to see the relationships between the story mroe of a family member's auto theft, job loss or other issue, or is it a routine maintenance report, and also ask, 'Am I currently the best daughter or the worst son? – DataTowardsApril **This can be a good place to start to answer the questions about recent brush with theft, loss, or abuse. It could also be a place to start your conversation and build solid relationships with your data so that you can better gauge who is and isn't a victim or a perpetrator. In either case, you are tracking your child’s progress and what steps she has taken to avoid theft. The quality of your data is at risk if she doesn't show progress." 1:02 Hands-down, the best part is getting to know the employee!  Heck, heh, this is really the craziest part of it. I mean, really, REALLY crazy crazy!  As a young employee at an auto repair shop, my own expectations for
