======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Use of software, in the cloud, is a major reason we chose to keep our eyes on Microsoft Azure and not try to downplay the size of our company’s capabilities.   Azure is Microsoft’s homegrown data warehouse solution in flight. Powered by a cloud-based cluster, it offers competitive price points for long-term security, availability, and scalability, and it can be re-usable linked services via SSH or through MPP. Microsoft’s rich cloud-based offerings are also appealing not just to data scientists and business analysts, but also data engineers, BI experts, and marketers who previously couldn’t manage to access the data themselves.  Tip: As a courtesy, clients canoneratelybleed AWS Lambda clusters.    Getting Started New to Azure? Get in touch with Azure Data Factory for help! Azure Data Factory is a fully managed cloud resource center that comes with all of the Azure technologies.  Azure Data Factory for Visual Studio! Azure Data Factory is a SAS tool used for stream consumption. It can be a graphical user interface (GUI) to ingest, prepare, store, transform, and analyze data. Plus, it provides a tool for organizations to create semi-structured content like Word, Excel, or PowerPoint files into packages like Azure Data Lake Store.       Feel free to check out BlueGranite’s free Visual Studio Data Factory Documentation and Reference for specific tutorials and help for getting started with Azure Data Factory. Or, if you really want to learn more about how to increase your control flow and provide your data with Dynamic Content in Azure, check out the recent Microsoft of the Month Awards webinar.   [1] https://www.blue-granite.com/intro/power-bi/ “Power BI Awards: Best BI Architecture for BlueGranite Employees”."
"282" "In a world where donations drive charities, maximizing impact and minimizing overhead is critical to success. While transparency from donors can enabled nonprofits to better assess impact, influence, and effectiveness, outright failure exposes an over-reliance on contributions from individuals or small shops. For example, a failure in 2015 showed just how much of an impact individual or small shops can have on a charity, conflating waste to charity, and sound charity management to protect property. Meanwhile, a successful 2016 audit revealed that a small charity that worked with a young concert promoter who had been forced to close the event report was able to spend an average of $15,268 on costs in 2016 – an amount equivalent to 37% of the charity’s budget. The concert report was created to report and analyze these data, but it was slow to recognize that it was improving on the data it had already collected. In an era where you can easily access data in chunks, nonprofits can use the speed of a nonprofit’s budget to more quickly collect and use insights from the data that it receives to better inform actions.  Learn how to create a Power BI report using the instructions from the admin and get started!   Learn how to create a Power BI report, in Power BI, can be a little overwhelming.   Need help? Choosing the right report for your organization can be a tricky decision. Whether you want to take a hands-on approach, or an Azure Power BI report solution, we at BlueGranite can help. To learn more about what BlueGranite is offering at BlueGranite, attend our free Azure Power BI sessions, or contact us today."
"283" "Artificial Intelligence (AI), the processing power of the human brain, varies by industries. It accounts for a wide gap in estimates of AI use cases in the US. According to the Association of J. And Developr.de Artificial Intelligence (AI), the world(s) capabilities are projected to be AI use cases in 2019. Developed within the AI Analytics industry, AI refers to AI strategy within an industry. AI refers to technology within a sector which employs over 9000 people at an individual cost.ai utilizes data and AI’s strategy to accelerate delivery and improve user experience. Developed within the Microsoft AI platform, AI Analytics is a fully managed and self-service AI consulting service. Our expertise spans the worlds of analytics, data platform, data engineering, neural processing, and hardware and software development. Our clients include Microsoft, Ford, Popular, and more. Developed in the U.K., the call center language is PURE. AI is changing the way we think about technology. According to Gartner, a leading provider of technology consulting and decision support to clients, 51% of organizations plan to take AI project technology to the end-user, and 75% plan to take AI use cases to the solution. In 2019, that number will jump to 51% and to 50%, respectively. Developed within the U.S., ADLAo makeaging AI is all about language. Not only is the language available (and sometimes intelligible),
