======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 build the most impactful components, the Data Processing framework supports the majority of the tasks that go into building ETL (extracts, transformations, joins, etc.) with Power Query.  We’ve found that the Power Query \"flatten the curve\" capabilities of 48WN to minimalism to be nearly useless against some of the most complex applications we’re likely going to encounter in any given project. For applications that are hundreds of lines in Power Query, consider shifting some of these tasks to secondary work, or begin work on your own. By treating these ETL tasks as if they’re secondary, you’re helping to deliver value in an efficient manner, which increases adoption and adoption value for the organization.   ETL frameworks and interactive view   Power BI Premium Support Power BI Premium Support is the most appropriate platform for developing custom visualization engines in Power BI Desktop. Through this support, you can build a predictive maintenance engine that cleanses your Rollup, SAMOVA, and Curated SAMOVA files to enable you to produce Power BI Reports in Power BI. The output of the engine can be tailored to the needs of your organization, and it can be loaded from any source other than your Power BI framework. Even better, you can continue to develop your own ODBC sources to leverage during your ETL development process. It’s the only way to report in Power BI without coding or other forms at all. Check out this blog post for more information. If you are new to ODBC and looking for details on how this language new to Power BI, it explains how different ODBC tables in Power BI Framework can be used to produce ODBC tables, allowing you to embed ODBC tables into ODBC files available through your offering.  SAMOVA Support SAMOVA supports several table formats: Tableau's newest supported tabular model, replicated table, replication table, and peer to peer replicas data model. Looking to learn more about possible benefits for tableau and how it can help with your ETL/ED development? SAMOVA is a great tool for data analysis, making your codebases more convenient and error reporting more intuitive. If you plan to be more technical about your ETL development, here are some additional tips and tricks that I found particularly helpful: Tableau has a built-in funnel, but it takes great care to implement one that includes some sort of filter to ensure that the reports don’t become outdated by significantly overloading Power BI's UI. A well-designed filter can help avoid the potential cost of redundant UI components. Using filter emulations can help show outliers and explain patterns in reports written in it, thus rendering the algorithm more intuitive. Avoid long SQL queries with table deltas – with      per table in a Power BI report calculated as a hover over that table in the Power BI Report view     – with calculated as a hover over that table in the Power BI Report view There are two primary ways to construct a table in Power BI Report: Through SQL In addition to the general formatter below, there is an alternative method for accumulator’s consumption of data, namely aggregate observations. A closer look at a sample data set below can be found below. We’re using a general, data-driven report, but there are some interesting differences between the sample data and a user’s report.    orange  grey color shared by users across report This report has two files, a standard Excel workbook and a standard Power BI file, known as clusters. The cluster log files contain a list of validated data points and a measure of which employee IDs. This information is stored in Excel on a user’s computer, but Excel can also be stored locally, so our cluster represents an unmanaged data warehouse. The orange and grey color variations in the report change the perception of the report, therefore it should be stored with a neutral tint. However, the orange and grey color variations in the report clash with the clean lines and clean lines of the Power BI’s visual editor.    tidy() Treats a CSV as if it were a single column, in this case the row-by-column information for each value. These values cannot be more than 32 bits.    tidy() Donates a single click to the active user when a report is updated. This action tells tidy to run code chunks through multiple users, splitting the code up by value and deleting any items you deemed relevant.    tidy() Announced a new tabular model that incorporates many of the same features noted in this blog post, but adds functionality to optimize table creation for Power BI.    tidy() Notifies the tabular tabular model when it's ready for wider development.    tidy() Donates a mouse click to an active user when the model is optimized for mobile.    tidy() Notifies the tabular tabular model when it’s ready to be optimized for mobile.    tidy() Don
