======== SAMPLE 1 ========
-3/factor of 3) is a better measurement of production value for the business. The higher B, it’s a production function where you pay for the quantity of work (as opposed to making decisions). If you had to pick one “best” production function in the industry, it would be Factor 2 or 3. Factor 2 makes all decisions on what kind of material you are using. Factor 3 is focused more on quantity of work and quality of results.   However, if you are dealing with a “balance” function then you are more efficient with Factor 2.  Because of this efficiency, we think it is a good idea to use it when setting the production values for your slicers. To illustrate an example, consider a question: “Is the team making faster, more consistent decisions, or is the team making more decisions?” Imagine you are dealing with a business that is looking to improve its business performance.  Determine what type of performance you are aiming for. Do the numbers compare the performance of the upper and lower performers? How would you rank? Do the numbers compare performance for every role and role class, or all?  Do the numbers compare? Determine! And then measure! You measure the answer by changing the Speed level on the Measurement Screen.  Next, you will change the Speed level on the Measurement Screen. Once you have the measure, it will take you to the Performance Tab. Here, you will know how easy it is to increase performance because the Flow Chart changes from a PDF file.  You can also change the Performance Type from Standard to Performance Upsert. Once you have the measure, it will take it to the Performance Tab to see how it is operating under Power BI's Data Analysis engine.  Performance Type 10                           Flow Chart Flow Data Type 11                           Flow Data Type 12                     Speed level is Power BI’s default setting, set to Off. - 6 (Out of 10) Performance Problems with Reporting Curricula  - 7 (Out of 10)  Performance Problem with Split Data  - 8 (In 10 teams)  Data Out of Order  - 9 (In 10 people)  Critical Data Out of Order  The Speed score is set to Normal, and the problem is that performance isn’t only critical data.  If your Performance Score is anywhere greater than 3, then you are either out of or unable to use Power BI.  Once you have Power BI performance in mind, you need to understand how to migrate your data model to Power BI Premium (as of this writing). Before you begin, I would strongly encourage you to understand the Power BI Premium migration process, and how it can impact your performance. How does it work?  Figure 1a - 1c Power BI migration involves moving your data model to Premium and installing a new data integration layer (UIC).  Power BI is rich in information technology products and services that enable individuals or companies to provide users with the most powerful yet optimized visuals in a managed repository.  Power BI UIC can serve the same function, although it acts different ways depending on your context.  Figure 1d - 1e Power BI data integration layer (IDE) modules can be added to move all but the most important UIC data into a managed UIC for use in a corporate solution.  Power BI C# and VB are tools that enable users to merge stored assets with a UIC and then to a Power BI Express migration, but this worked only for the Corporate ED deployment.  What a mess.  How can I migrate my data?  It’s possible to migrate data to Power BI Premium, but that’s practically impossible.  Using “snap” changes to data stored in UICCONNU, DAXOR, ORSCLER, or DEVCOIN packages, it is possible to use Migrating from Public Preview as opposed to Pending Public Preview.  So, your data may need a lot of fresh ground, and there may be performance implications  if the schema isn’t cuter with Premiumization. The process  shifts focus from performance to what to optimize your code for Premium.  Depending on your deployment strategy, you can see some production spikes when your schema changes.  Some companies migrate to Premium in the future, others never leave.  Deploying in Power BI Premium often comes with pros and cons.  Pros        Easy, clean deployment - Migration to Power BI Premium removes all of the ability of an expired Premium project to fail. Lossy project performance analysis may be used to show how projects are performing under the current implementation. Pro easures encapsulation - Migration to Power BI Premium enables analysis and an understanding of what might be causing the project to fail. For more information on migrating, see this article from BlueGranite's technical director Kristen Ostermeier’s joint blog post
