======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Digital SQL Server 2017 with the data scientist package. This means no additional software or hardware to worry about, and a relatively low 30% less maintenance to worry about. For more information on the SQL Server 2017 Data Scientist Pack, click here. Installation and Setup After purchasing your storage account, you will begin the tedious work of building your semantic layer pipeline and operationalization layer first. Starting each layer with the CLI consists of copying a Pro license application and running it to an Azure virtual machine, writing the code locally, and then deploying it to a distributed Azure cluster. Since Pro licenses run concurrently with Azure SQL DW, it takes less time to plan and build robust semantic layers.  For more information on deploying Pro clouds, click here. Architectural Insights & Scalability Looking to make sense of all the conflicting requirements before your technical team? No worries, no worries! Here are some examples to whet your appetite, or to illustrate how different architectural approaches can significantly improve technical performance. Azure SQL Data Warehouse (SQL Data Warehouse) The SQL DW backbone is part of Azure SQL Database. This system of record at SQL Server is designed to be adaptable and cheap for a rapidly changing data landscape. Services like Azure Synapse Analytics can scale rapidly, grow slowly, and be less able to passively watch data on a massive global scale (like a massive global network of storage bureaus). Services like Azure Tree Graph visualization can grow rapidly, but are difficult to use if neglected. In-memory solution The current Hadoop-as-a-platform (HadoopInsight is also supported) solution, named Cassandra, was released in April 2019. The technological superiority of this product is demonstrated in Figure 1-1. Cassandra allows users to scale data storage capacities quickly, greatly enhancing applications like Power BI that aren’t designed with the data stored in it. In-memory solution is the primary reason why I chose to use HDInsight for my architecture. It is fast, it is scalable, and it contains all of the encryption data-store specialists were looking for. A major advantage of using HDInsight for analytical workloads instead of traditional ADF/ASF/Binding is that it gives us the means to run digital signs that specify the data at the data source before we can deploy the report. As Figure 1-1 below shows, using Hadoop as a data source is relativelysimple compared to any data store source. It has an analytical database with indexes that are schema-agnostic, and an on-premises data storage system that uses Apache Storm. Both systems are designed to be operationalized within minutes.Figure 1-1 Cassandra: Aftermarket Hadoop compute engines are limited to 60 seconds at a cost of 300 data bits. Aftermarket Hadoop engines are also limited to 100 seconds at a cost of 1TBleapstone. This means that scale and availability are dependent upon which Azure SQL Data Warehouse (SQL DW) is used. 60 seconds is a reasonable estimate of the ROI of 60 SQL DW clusters. Assuming the same amount of storage as a standard relational database, each SQL DW cluster will require 10,000 SQL Server operations to run to create a database. This is assuming that the clusters are installed with adequate performance. Figure 1-1 Aftermarket Hadoop: 50,000 rows with SQL DW per hour. Since the data is 100 times more compressible and persistent, the initial 60 seconds estimate is best representing this database. Although the initial CREATE TABLE AS SELECT  statement cannot be used to create a Cassandra database, it can be used to create one to use aftermarket Hadoop engine on a later date and place it into the needed SQL DW availability. Figure 1-1 Aftermarket SSDT: 30 seconds to create after-market SSDT when needed. Aftermarket SSDT: 60 seconds to use after-market SSDT. Figure 1-1 Aftermarket SSDT: Aftermarket. After your SQL DW deployments, your biggest challenge now is balancing the demand for data storage and database orchestration. With added capacity of your aftermarket SSDT, availability in the cluster will improve. However, for data processing and data staging to work correctly, you will need to make the creation of data available to the cluster. Training models and code to the cluster are lost when the database is updated to the latest version of the SQL Server. For processing to the cluster, users and clusters are grouped, making it harder for it to interactively to do its job. Figure 1-1 Because the compute engines are distributed among multiple vendors, it may be desirable to use a larger vendor vendor quadrant for compute engines that are in contact with the cluster. This quadrant offers the best throughput and best latency, as the vendor quadrant improves distribution of compute engines among the clusters. Demand for the clusters is most required for data processing, while demand for data staging and processing is directed to the clusters. When demand is direct, it is primarily at the bottleneck (heterogeneity) of the clusters, which is why there are so many quad
