======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Originally in the realm of education, Power BI (formerly PubNub) is a great tool to help you create and implement reports in Power BI and Microsoft Teams. You only pay for what you use and Power BI Premium provides a much deeper sandbox into.  In order to leverage Power BI effectively, it should be priced appropriately. With Power BI Premium you can install multiple different SDKs and use shared hosting options for configured node storage and GPUs. For an even deeper dive into using Power BI, check out this deep dive from a BlueGranite expert on Power BI and SDKs.  Surprisingly, virtual machines are still an important part of the educational toolbelt for university use. If you are interested in learning more about how to create a virtual machine to learn with Power BI, check out this slide from Microsoft. Microsoft’s Power BI educational toolbelt is still appropriately distributed among active students. Part of the Bucknell BuckNOW Supergroup. Want to learn more about Power BI and the audience you speak to? No worries, our team has you covered with our latest blog, covering topics ranging from classification and analysis to report creation to Office 365 governance and performance issues. Additionally, we have a monthly Power BI Office Hours column to keep you up on the latest details on current Power BI offerings.  "
"69" "The term academia has become synonymous with science has it that defines what… Whatever your real or perceived role in your professional development, getting top-notch from your team is the first and foremost responsibility you “require to survIVE.”– Dr. Richard Newton, Ph.D., Founder and CEO of Newton Analytics. We’re all Bryant Gatsby-level Forbes 500 males or whatever your early video game development career may be, we’re committed to helping you succeed across every field of your professional development, whether it’s on the development side of things or the publishing side. So, here we go: Science related: Using Databricks to Blanket your Customers with Value-based strategies to Expand Your Revenue Execution by Identifying and eliminating non-performance sources of your non-performing customers. How does technology interact with other technologies to improve your business? The Internet of Things and the Internet of Thingses we’see and interact with every day. We have the modern watch running, connected apps, emails, SMS messages, and emails from our emails. Every interaction we have with the watch has evolved to interact with the technology of the app. How can we improve the way we interact with the smartwatch feature in the HMD? By understanding how it interacts with other sensors in the ecosystem. How does the sensor network fits with the HMD? We can enhance the IoT experience by using an analytic service that applies machine learning to see how other people's work is performing in the environment. By understanding how the analytics service does this with respect to data processing, we can greatly reduce the time it takes to process data and reduce the amount of processing that needs to take place in the environment. Robust Business Intelligence Advantages of Smart Manufacturing Manufacturing operations are “sanctified” by the sensor data. Data. Communication. The customer information. The location of the failure. The manufacturing process. The customer satisfaction data. The level of detail in these details. These details matter to manufacturing. The sensor score associated with a failure event. The frequency with which the failure is frequent. The frequency with which the failure is frequent. The frequency with which the failure is frequent. The frequency with which the failure is frequent. The sensor score associated with a solution. The frequency with which the solution is frequent. The sensor score associated with a solution. The frequency with which the solution is frequent. The frequency with which the solution is frequent. The frequency with which the solution is frequent. The frequency with which the solution is frequent. The frequency with which the solution is frequent. These details matter the most to us, our customers. These details matter the most to us, our suppliers. These details matter us. These details matter only ourselves. We’re the lead evangelist for our partner, BlueGranite. We pull from a wide variety of business development and training opportunities. We also pull from a Master Data Management background.” From the get-go, we have a love-hate relationship with prototyping. We see many of our former customers abandoning the platform to learn how innovative is their ability to build something really cool in the cloud with no development infrastructure.  However, we believe that prototyping is a great marketing trick. We believe that the ability to create something new and exciting should flow from the source technology, whether it’s the people behind it, the manufacturing process, the marketing department or the end product.  In our experience with the platform, it remains to resolve any long-term ground rules and provide a complete picture on what have been selected. The scope and scope of features broad and extensive, but the areas of greatest need to be addressed.  Modeling
