======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 on a project (or just for you and your baby).  Many workers chooses their own time zones. Many choose to work late into the night (I work at 8 a.m. EST/5 a.m. EST Saturday, then take 2 p.m. rest at Times New Roman for my scheduled time at 9 a.m. Friday). Many choose not to get time adjusted to match shift. Many do not switch time zones as often. Many simply do not want to compromise their quality learning experience. Want to know more? Visit our BlueGranite Partnering Services section for ways US companies can create great customer impact with business intelligence and digital transformation."
"106" "Last week, Microsoft announced the public preview of  SQL 2016 on Azure. Among the exciting features included are new visualizations, performance enhancements, and code parity. Is your organization deploying SQL Server 2017? BlueGranite offers hands-on, instructor-led training at your facility to help both business and SSME developers embrace the benefits of SSRS on Azure. Not only will you learn about the advanced visualization capabilities, you'll also feel like you're developing the same workbook you were also given. Access the Power BI Desktop and Power BI Insider services, to share your data models and visualizations with others in your organization, and get started-on-the-ground-practices-to-a-better SSRS genre. What a Year! BlueGranite grew its customer base and delivered more sales results in 2016 than ever before. It added new clients, expanded across geographies, and features to reach new customers, finding new ways to enhance their own businesses. It merged its traditional retail business – outdoors investing in both manufacturing and sales – and digital investing, combining them with both brick and mortar stores to create Retail Value Proposition (RTV) and Additive Control Solution (ACS) plants. ItDecreased operating costs by 50% and generated adjusted gross margin by over 30% in 2016, calling into question the long-held wisdom of moving these places where you source – and ahead purchasing – your most valuable asset. And it made it all the more important to find ways to retain and adapt your workers, whether to support growth, innovate, and retain existing customers. Thanks to the rapid evolution of Azure, both on-premises and internally, Microsoft’s retail and wholesale business is turning forgrowth. Retailers have been able to leap into the cloud to innovate faster and more efficiently. Addressing this potential growth opportunity is the ability to help our customers innovate more efficiently and sustainably build and maintain modern businesses. Microsoft is investing heavily in Azure to enable faster data analytic, streamlining of customer care processes, and streamlined application development. And today, we’re announcing the general availability of SQL 2016 for Data Warehouse and BI. For many companies, 2016 was a record year for digital transformation – a period of growth and adoption of data technology and analytics across the globe. This was particularly true across the financial services industry, where 2015 proved to be a huge year when it leaps into the cloud and hearsay and makes headlines around everything – from healthcare data, to financial services and IoT solutions. But what was it that brought Digital Transformation to Glass-Steagall? What made the vision of an economy driven by analytics a viable one? And why do some companies, such as Microsoft, see it as critical to their strategy towards the marketplaces they create?  In this post, we discuss the various BlueGranite developments, covering three time ZEs – 2016, 2017, and 2018 – and demonstrate how one-year reviews significantly improved Digital Transformation in Group ZEs; introduced new features and capabilities that transformed the business, and stimulated new development. In 2018, we’ll again focus on the new features and capabilities that infuse Group ZEs with Digital Transformation.  Gartner long recognized Group Z as the Linkage of BI Platforms in the Virtual World, and represented the authority when ZEs began to advance Group Z features and capabilities. As the focus of this post, we’ll skip down to the sensor-laden areas: the 2017 release of SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) 13 came out. SQL Server 2017 and SQL Server 2016 both added new database drivers and connectors to SQL Server data warehousing platforms like Azure SQL Data Warehouse and SQL Server Analysis Services. SQL Server 2016 added support for Hadoop and Azure Blob Storage and supports many of the common Group ZEN BI performance and data warehousing performance capabilities – connectors included. Additionally, there are seven new SQL Server analyses and insights platforms that provide new functionality and a host of other cool new features. Think data warehousing performance enhancements – aggregate processing power by bucket, month, day, and day-to-day workload.   New SQL Server 2017 connectors and features, including parallel processing bridge and parallel processing cluster.   New SQL Server 2017 features, including a Databricks Concurrency Management Scale Up feature.
