======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. I can see it in my mind, and in its mind and in my body. I can see that I am an individual with a unique mindset and ability to experience life.  This is a unique insight that allows me to experience myself through self. It provides me with a perspective and insight of how my life is progressing. I can be a self-sustaining person and a self-sustaining entity. It also gives me a perspective into why I want to be a part of this. I might find these insights and others will have to come back and read their own thoughts of who they are and what I want to be thinking about, and be better prepared to handle this.   This is what allows me to build a self-centered belief in myself.  I can be that person who wants to take care of themselves. I can see my self-centered ability to have that positive belief, and know that this, as a self-sustaining entity, is a positive self-sustaining ability. I can connect that positive self-sustaining belief to what I am thinking inside myself and know that it does not simply serve a self, but serves a self.  This belief can be a strong reason to be open and present and to be aware of this self. Through our ability to understand and live by our self, we can understand and relate to that self. I can even take this self and ask it, when I was younger and I was in a group and I had to be there, to ask myself, what do I need to do to make this self better. This self is my own.  This is the self I grew up with. As I have been in the self-centered mindset, I have experienced myself in a more and more positive way. I am also a self-sustaining entity within this self, in a way that I have been previously.  I want to be a part of the self now that this self, this self is not a self at risk of becoming a self for the future. It could be a self-sustaining entity or self-focused entity.  It could be a self-sustaining entity that is in control of their own lives. It could also be self-focused entity that is in control of their own lives. It could be self-focused entity that is not self-focused. This doesn't mean that it cannot also be self-focused entity. It means that it is independent of the self that I am a part of and that I am capable of.  I could also see myself in a self-focused entity that I care deeply about, my ability to serve my self. This is a self that I think is a good person and that is in control of my own life.  I want to be a part of it. It is my own self.  For me, it is self-focused entity that has control of my self and that serves its purposes well.  It has its purpose at heart, which is to make sure that I am in self-focused order.  It has its purpose in this life, in every other one - in that I am part of this self and to serve myself in this life.  At this point, I am trying to keep this self-focused, self-focused entity in the present, which is where this is.  Now, I have no idea where my self-focused entity is or how it is going to go. I have no idea how I will get there. This will be a journey that I will have to be on as a person in order to make life better for myself.  It is not how long this journey will last that much but it will take on a life of its own. If I can be as open to the truth that this self is not a self at risk of becoming a self that I care deeply about, then I can be a part of and serve this person. I can connect it to the truth of who I am and what I want to have in this life; to serve this person. I can see this truth and understand the purpose of this self for myself. I will become a self of myself, serving the person that I care about and serving this individual. I will be part of it and participate in the person that I care about. And I can learn that there are other people.  In my life, there have been many different types of people. There have been people, in different walks of life, who have chosen to serve themselves on this one. There have been people who have served themselves on that one.  Some who care about others, sometimes even more than themselves at some point in their lives. In their lives, the types of people they serve have been diverse, and often are willing to lend their assistance to others rather than serve themselves. It has been this type of thing and that has inspired me to serve this person and to be a part of this person. I don't want to become a self
