======== SAMPLE 1 ========
drick’s Power BI dashboard. Power BI’s ability to pull report rendering data from disparate sources, whether SQL, reports, Azure reports, Power BI, and Azure Dynamics 365 also allows for user customization and the ability to publish custom visuals in the process. Additionally, Power BI is capable of deploying to many different cloud platforms, so your application can play around in deploying reports as needed.  Now, I want to easily share the benefits of Power BI over SQL 2016. You can’t miss the Power BI enhancements! While Power BI’s multi-faceted capabilities allow you to save work in many different forms, its ability to integrate with Azure, DevOps, and most recently, Cloud and IoT platforms is here to stay.  Now, with an expanded set of Power BI features, you might begin using your data to analyze and automate business processes. You can even spin up a full-time AI analytics center to run work remotely from your tenant, making it perfect for your first AI tests to identify bottlenecks and deploy innovative solutions. Power BI is simply another piece of the puzzle as you explore the latest version of Data Lake Analytics. With more features coming in the future, I cannot't wait to show you the last two… First, I want to take a moment to make a statement. After six solid years of innovation, I want to assure you that our team is fully committed to delivering outstanding Data Lake Analytics solutions. We’ve seen the promise in Cloud-Level Value, performance and scalability, but continue to underper it as the cloud becomes the game. With Microsoft giving us the ability to use cloud-scale technologies for business analytics and artificial intelligence in Cortana with Power BI, I truly want to see our focus, or lack thereof, addressed. Second, and this is something that I have wanted to bring up for quite a while, is that focus on security. I know Azure doesn't exactly have the largest catalog of user data, but given the volume and variety of data offered from various vendors, we see this as Microsoft’s special ability, or need. We have a very good security team here. Additionally, Microsoft has partnered with a number of organizations and providers to help provide analytical and predictive analytics and advanced analytics for their customers. BlueGranite is well-positioned to capitalize on the growth of cloud analytics with our tenant, and the security landscape that allows all parties to benefit. Stay tuned for future posts in the series where I add some more details on how to implement both of these efforts in a meaningful way. I hope you found this post helpful, and if you’ve questions or want to learn more, join our free monthly IT chat inar for experts today! If you’re ready to learn more about your data and analytics need, helpful advice could straightaway sweep your corner, regardless of market competition! Have questions or want to chat with a BlueGranite expert? Email [email protected]. "
"13" "For many organizations, Power BI and related technologies have become increasingly difficult to get in the office. This can result from the fact that business intelligence (BI) teams are often small, monolithic entities composed of a few executives who only hold one skill or interest in the business. At the same time, a large majority of IT  teams are comprised of product specialists with very small or no product experience. Unfortunately, the major hindrance to a BI initiative is that they can often be very difficult to get to and whole your data!   If you've been to your first BI meeting, you likely remember the dreaded 'toeholds' – the old adage, “we took the money, we tackled the problem” – where you got two or three people on the same page (or tab) and said “There are lots of people on the same page! Let's work on that, and let the rest fall where they may’t’jo’st. The solution to this problem is usually a combination of lots of ‘jumbles’ (Microsoft’s “quarterly keys” tool), funnel-shape-as-a-service challenges, and orials from the smaller IT groups that arrived at that turned a profit. For a large, enterprise-sized BI initiative, this is a perfectly acceptable solution. The other big hindrance for the opposite of the original is that the right of way is a narrow one, and all IT stakeholders want to be able to buy data is where the data came from! So, what does all of this mean? Well, to start off some sentences, simply: “We tackled the problem! We tackled the problem!” With that, the analogy gets a little more technical. The first time around, the problem usually went back and forth between the product team, some one-person team (the BI administrator, the data engineers), and some loose ends wrapped
