======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Ten.   Additionally, we cannot directly compare the Power BI reports to the Power BI apps, but we can compare some of the features on the platform to some of the Power BI apps that were released last year.  The Power BI apps include new integration for Power BI Report Server to create interactive reports, such as the ones for SharePoint Reporting Services and Microsoft Power BI Report Service. With Microsoft's Power BI Report Server as our preferred source for report sharing, we can leverage this data source code to create more interesting and interesting Power BI reports. One of the strengths of the Power BI apps is their robust ability to ingest reports. If you have a full-time, non-technical team that uses both Power BI and Microsoft Reports, you can use these apps to get your reporting projects going. They are also an incredible way to add new reporting capabilities to your Power BI app. To learn more about how to access Power BI reports on iOS and Android, go to the Power BI blog at https://blog.powerbi.com/. To learn more about how your organization might be able to incorporate these Power BI reports into their own toolkits, go to the Power BI blog at https://blog.powerbi.com/.  "
"186" "Power BI is an interactive, interactive, cloud-based technology that enables businesses and individuals to discover, understand, and manipulate data for the betterment of all.  If you are a member of the workforce, you are likely familiar with Power BI. But what are the advantages of an interactive Power BI tool? When it comes to the technical merits of Power BI, some of the most relevant considerations are: “Integration with data platforms” – this is a fairly important one, since Power BI has all the necessary capabilities that Microsoft has to offer. “Content delivery in the form of visuals, reports, and reports” – all useful aspects of an interactive Power BI tool.” – this concerns many groups, but there are still a few groups that are not currently part of an IT organization with a Power BI deployment.” – this might be a good spot to start to address technical considerations, since many organizations already have a Power BI deployment and there are an awful lot of groups that might not have one with an AppPBI implementation.  Power BI is an interactive technology that allows businesses to discover, analyze and manipulate data in the cloud through a cloud-based solution. Most enterprises use a web-based workspace, but many organizations also create data visualizations and then load them into dedicated, cloud-enabled data sources. This allows them to analyze, update, and visualize data at scale in the cloud without having to connect to an HDInsight or any other cloud providers, or running complex code in the same process. Data Analytics and Artificial Intelligence companies also create data visualization and data engineering services on the Power BI platform, providing data modeling tools, as well as data transformation tools, for creating analytics-driven solutions. This includes custom content management, data transformation, and data engineering tools. These services are highly leveraged by organizations that want to gain data insights, and there are lots of examples that will make you feel good about yourself. What's cool about Power BI? Why choose it over other data driven tech services? The data-driven services provided in Power BI give organizations the ability to: Get closer to their data using an intelligent, data driven business process – with Power BI, the data comes first. Automate the process of processing, storing, and analyzing data - for large organizations with large data sets, Power BI provides an awesome opportunity to visualize, analyze, and build data into a unified solution for analysis.  For larger organizations, Power BI provides an interactive experience that makes it easier to know what to look for, how to make quick comparisons, and what to do with data. Power BI offers various reporting and analytics tools that give companies access to detailed business intelligence. Power BI reports cover a wide range of business intelligence topics such as: Business intelligence – insights from business users and business outcomes. Business intelligence – insight from data scientists and data engineers. Data warehousing – data warehousing across platforms and platforms to store, process, and process user data. Data warehousing – data warehousing using data warehousing, a data governance initiative by Microsoft, as its main technology partner. Power BI reports cover several common Business Intelligence topics such as: Automation – using Power BI to automate and leverage features and techniques within organizations. Data Transformation – exploring the impact of data in business processes and solutions, from acquiring, managing, and analyzing assets in a business through to the management of assets. Human Resources – exploring how a company is applying technology to a wide range of situations and how this affects employees and customers. Vision & Vision Priorities – understanding how the customer experiences in life affect sales and/or profits. Customer Satisfaction – building user relationships through data-driven experiences. Data Mining – exploring different ways to extract key data from an unstructured data set. Report Management & Optimization – understanding the overall
