======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 a BI tool such as Power BI or Dynamics 365, the ability to query the current session data,  and  perform extract/load/query operations on that data.   There is a lot of parity and sizing off going on there, but this feature is very important for any powered organization.  Although it may seem like we are building a relational database, we are actually an event-based reporting tool that can pull data from any interval, including daily, weekly, monthly, or every day -even to zero.   The SELECTION, SUM(), and PAY() functions have an intuitive listening/search property, and even calculating and destroying rows takes just a few minutes - fast forward to our current example - Mike Bennet has been working on building an SSRS system for Merrill Lynch, big data retailer, since childhood.  For weekly data calls, Bennet will touch: the children referral function, the key phrase and the searchable table.   The first thing they will say when finished,  I'm a fraud.  — Mike Bennet, Dec 8, 2015I have to admit that I was a little nervous about the new features in Power BI. The fear kind of works best, but the one that landed me was Storm.  I quickly became aware that I could end my job at BlueGranite and have to manually script these functions, and that's really frustrating.  With the SELECTION, SUM() and PAY() functions, you can completely delete your view and column counts from the model and loose the view and column counts, but what's not to love here? Everyone likes having to perform some SQL heavy JOIN query, but wasn't we talking about having a key fact table?  WHY is that? Well, in a previous version, you could simply do get all-related tables and get rid of your “key” features, but this feature was limited to only having a single fact table. To run these SELECT and ALTER operations without loss of functionality is just nuts. Any analytics software will handle this for you.  Just because a software product is unable to handle a specific feature with its own unique syntax doesn't mean it should.  If you need help with an upcoming data or analytics project, be sure to contact us and we will be happy to help solve the problem for you! "
"200  "Tableau CEO" Gartner said it best: "A modern BI system is not just an old-school design trick. It’s also not just an old-fashioned SQL way of doing data warehousing.  BI departments need to be agile in executing on-premises solutions. We need to see the data where we can reliably query it, and at a high level, SQL do the work. The old-style CTAS way of doing BI needs to stop.  Any tool that scans and queries relational data should do that, especially any data warehouse. It’s time for the data professionals to get modern. An agile IT manager with data and analytic skills is essential.  Solid data management skills can help an analytics developer get started quickly and deliver fast. An analytics team can benefit from a well-structured strategy and a well-defined approach to governance.  Modern BI tools give teams more control over where and how data is polled and consumed. More control is a must, since only a good governance policy is implemented. Strategic knowledge and skillsets can tackle knowing what is currently done in R and Excel on a high-powered machine learning (MLS) architecture. Such skillset can keep an analytics team on track of making strategic investments, since knowledge and skills are crucial in a BI environment that works well for everyone. Unexpected Ways IT can be sad when a project gets delayed can be sad when a solution is not created.  It can be typical in the form of an internal or external legal action or in the temporary paralysis of facing our limited budget when no one is working. The ability to be near and actively shared can help keep things moving smoothly. And it can boost technical talent like data managers or data scientists to focus entirely on the tasks at hand.  Tasks like these allow everyone on the team to come up with new ways of doing things that are becoming household words in their respective industries. Don't get me wrong that it is rare that I get involved in a BI incident, but I am still struggling to settle the budget crunch (be it due to an understaffed team, understaffing, poor data quality, etc.) when working with Azure.  I’ll summarise some of the steps Imedley had to take to get Azure to behave like a trusted third party provider in a cloud environment was pennies on 1.  October as a huge headache was the sheer volume of data demanded was due to limits imposed by the compute
