======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 BI BI tool such as BlueGranite’s Power BI. There’s no SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) required, and you can take advantage of all of the built-in packages that have SSIS without adding significant server costs.  While cost is certainly a consideration, the benefit to the organization lies in the ability to add additional teams to a solution without having to purchase new infrastructure. In addition to the development of Power BI and scheduled reports, the workspace also has a clicky surface designed specifically for mobile development. The app can be downloaded from the App Store and Google Play for customers to try out. Cost Effective Development For mobile development, the cost is just as important to this solution – we want to make the right decision based on data rather than design. The answer is cost effective, and the new Power BI app can help satisfy this requirement. The new Power BI app utilizes the Power BI Service’s built-in report and advanced analytics to satisfy both requirements.   Mobile Report Design The mobile mobile approach represents a real opportunity for the business to experience the visual enhancements of accessibility and performance that come with being able toatform a mobile report in mobile device and on mobile devices. Microsoft has a long-standing policy of not republishing mobile reports in the App Store, as long as they do share a license from Microsoft that incorporates the functionality listed above. Today, report developers are not only platform specialists; they're also data professionals’s only chance to understand what works and what doesn’t. The strategy here should not be read as representing an official policy as the client – we’re not there yet, but we’re slowly improving the service. The goal is to be effective yet effective, and this means we need to hit the mark when it comes to visualizations. The mobile report design should not be misunderstood or limited to only being used for displaying data. The target right way through for report developers is through use of appropriate report themes and report interface elements that bring data and narrative together in a meaningful manner. A trusted advisor for future projects will work slowly, and will welder the conversation when it’s right.  The mobile report client has a rich API to interact with its platform like never before. The web app has the native ability to talk to existing HTML5 data sources, and it has the ability to also re-generate its source data when the connection is made to a modern, modern, modern browser. All in all, an exciting and exciting report on mobile! Have questions about Power BI Report Server or just want to learn more? Contact us! We would be happy to share our knowledge and experience."
"199" "From January 31st, 2016, weᙙll be showcasing the Python Data Science Programming Language (PdfS) at our annual Python Data Science Bootcamp. This is the most popular class of our Bootcamp, and as such we are welcoming of both familiar and new readers. If you would like to be among the first to get published, please contact us today.                                  Logged In to Wistia Report a Problem Write a Review   Sample reports for a webinar presentation.   https://www.websitesci.net/wistia    Thanks for submitting your work.    For an introduction to Power BI, contact us today."
"200" "Whether you are interested in deploying BI and advanced analytics using Cognitive Toolkits or an open-source framework on your own, our training room in Boston can help. Enroll now at Power BI Training Session 2 – a scheduled webinar will be released on October 11th, 2016. This will be our third time deploying Cognitive Services in the Power BI platform, so we invited Matthew Mace, a Microsoft industry expert and Power BI Champion, to help us create a fun and interactive 3D model of your data with the help of Cognitive Services. To start, Matthew explains why you should choose Microsoft Cognitive Services, and our key pillars of service for enhanced analytics and modeling. Throughout, he gives his sample thoughts on the different components that Power BI service provides, from service integration to model building to reports and reports that require attribution. As for the video itself, you will need, just like everyone else. Hopefully you do not mind Matthew repeating the steps below while modeling your own report:    As always, if you need help creating and maintaining a Power BI dashboard or self-service BI service on your own, contact BlueGranite today for assistance. BlueGranite’s proficiency in creating dynamic and interactive reports and dashboards (and leveraging Power BI technology) dates to our senior partners’ generation that long stood firm in our company’s DNA. To promote responsible business decisions by our partners, we provide a one-day workshop with a senior executive every month to help teammates discover why pillars of data abound
