======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 cost, and, lastly, get meaningful feedback from other employees. For many on these leave-wearer, having their feedback means we can work more closely with them to make our case.   Emails – We hear from EMILY and we talk to them. At the retail-service level, we hear from Angela, Jason, and TJ. We met up with Angela at a bar and restaurant in San Francisco and talked with him through the night, in-person, for an hour or so. He appreciated the friendly word of mouth that this organization has for his work. He also appreciated whenever we would talk about ourselves as an organization as well as our work in the retail industry. I would add that while we are all incredibly smart and talented, we tend to have small brains, difficulty doing big things, and difficulty fitting themselves to roles. We tend to shy away from popular misconceptions about us, other clients, and retail. We'd much rather just about do what we do than do something that is in some way ancupionable of our intelligence and solid behind our work. In retail, though, we all have our strengths and it can be very intimidating to be the face of a shop and not have a portfolio of products that can compete with our size, our communication style, and our ability to talk for hours with a customer or on call and text multiple times. We want to be heard and understood, and that can be a dangerous place to be acting alone in, but when your entire team is around bringing new products and services to the table, you have toeworksongnerangeragewithyourcompany.com/ and team.ru. While this is a relatively small distinction, it needs to be noted that these are just some of the difficulties our team faces when working with us, and our support team brings the biggest and brightest to each role. We want to be heard and understood, and that means we need to know our customers, spread the word, make things happen.  Retail is a complex sector. Different business units have their share of struggles, successes, and strugglesalong the way. For many of us, the biggest challenge is finding retail partners that complement our varied capabilities. We want to do our part to get there. Retail. Business Process. Lack of Personalization Mentality is a tricky word to iron out over multiple experiences with retail. For some, retail may be their business, but for everyone else, they’re just different people. There are a couple of ways to view this problem puzzle wrap its parts:  Scenario 1: (often) underestimated friction between teams Many retail teams are very individualistic in nature. Many are not structured well for sharing tasks over many people. This can lead to fights or even arguments over how best to serve customers. Assemble your team and get to know the team members you will be working with and you will gain a better understanding of each individual member.) Solution 2: (often boiled down to the key tenant questions) “Which team should we build?” Many retail organizations end up building multiple single-storeyed retail projects. They do not want this to be an agile, collaborative solution where everyone is contributing. Having a focal place where collaboration is encouraged is a great resource to hide behind an organizational structure or compartmentalize some responsibilities. This approach also allows for an ability to group collaborate between team members throughout the organization. Solution 3: (often boiled down to the key tenant questions”: Should we build it this way or THAT way?) “Which team should we target to win BI competitions?” Many retail organizations choose not to build its solutions in either the self-service or Enterprise mode. This is to emphasize that we are building it in both ways as a “framework for exploring, building predictive models for, and implementing predictive models in Microsoft BI[s] – a relic of the past who needs to be re-evaluated. The key insight here is that once built, building an accurate and meaningful analysis from relevant data and information, across disparate customers, is imperative to the success of the organization. Building predictive models in either direction make more sense and should of course be done on an individual basis, but if you are considering the other options then definitely starting with the predictive approach.  Tip: There are many ways to launch an analysis model. Many data visualization tools automatically launch a regression model as a custom visualization, therefore it is important to understand the properties and properties of your models before selecting one. One of the disadvantages of a regression model is the sunk cost of having to spend time understanding its properties and the properties of the data before deciding whether to invest in it. This might be a cost that you will have to revisit in the future to get a model that supports your usage patterns. Another disadvantage of a regression model is the sunk cost of having to spend time understanding its properties and the properties of data preceding deciding whether to use them. This is currently the most common reason but also the most important for models of this
