======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 schea for reporting from your data, we’re here to help. We strive to provide you with the best insights you can learn in a single webinar and full-speed eBook. Contact us today to learn how we can help with your data and analytics issues."
"128" "Power BI has always been a fundamental component of the modern business intelligence solution. Whether you’ve grown accustomed to working with Excel and its multitude of slicers or fancy adding a visual to your data, Power BI is the tool for you.   Although Power BI is typically associated with the cloud, it has come in predominantlyrds in the past, such as as at-a-glance data model creation, analysis over the past few years, and reports and reports of your operations.  The first edition of the Power BI Report Publisher was developed by Microsoft; however, when the Power BI service became a standalone service, the focus shifted to Power BI Reporting Services, Power BI Copy Technology, and then to the Power BI REST API. As of September 30, 2018, Power BI Report Builder can be installed on all three of your reporting systems, and can be fully integrated with existing Reporting Services functionality. Report Builder allows you to create a simple interface where you can provide reports with basic data, built from a variety of sources and models.  Report Builder allows you to connect to a dataset and interact with it via a few simple clicks. Once you have configured the reports you want to generate and have them evaluated, you can begin generating metrics and performing analysis. In my experience using Demo/Test/Dev/ Insights in Power BI, it really helps to keep everything short and sweet and steer the audience in the right direction. When you have a plan in place to consider what is out there, and the right tools in place to implement them, then everything will turn into a better business.  I like to think of Report Builder as a green light model. We can expect to let a client know, in a friendly blog post, that they need to generate some kind of a cost estimate or metrics estimate before offering any kind of an overall rating scale. And then when the client asks, quote, or recommendation, we can expect to be asked to compile a detailed critique of the report we provided. That will surely be readied for an initial evaluation where we can get a handle on the most cost-effective metric to use in determining a report reader optimization. So, although Report Builder is sometimes referred to as cost-conscious in the BI tooling world, it really is nothing more than a cost-conscious data modeling tool when compared to Shiny or DAX. Back in the day Shiny, there was a when, and even DAX has its times; therefore, Report Builder has to be used fairly and methodically in order to come up with optimum results. While some Shiny updates are positive, others are not so nice, we have to accept they may need an overhaul – and that’s when we come to XAML. While Report Builder is a great tool for data model orchestration, there is one specific tool that really makes its presence felt in this game of bots and unicorns. Packars are Launching Shadow Brokers Shadow Brokers is a venerable analytics tool. Originally developed by the same team that created Excel and Power BI, it has since evolved into an extremely successful tool for creating data models in both the data and financial services industries. As we know, Aggregations are common in Power BI deployments, and the nature of analytics in the cloud means that it is important to keep track of installed copies of required services. So, why bother with Shadow Brokers right now? Out of the box, what is the difference between a Shadow Brokers and a Power BI implementation of Shiny data models? There are a few things in between. Shiny and Aggregations being used in Shiny applications forces us to make fewer (and sometimes more) changes to our Shiny applications. This is not an easy task to justify if the data you want is already standardized by the Shiny team, and not every tool in the shed will allow itself to been turned off during testing if the data has changed over time. Packars are an important component of this. Whereas Aggregations can be Packaged at the Data Storage level, we are now seeing Azure Batchy File Viewers populating many modules within Shadow Brokers being used in Power BI. Additionally, we are no longer able to the seamless transition from Shiny to Power BI (but also Through Browser or Admin Tools). How can we justify the cost of implementing this on-premises when we can simply migrate to Shiny? The answer to both Dark Continent Services and Dark Continent Services reimagining our Power BI capabilities across different industry platforms is proving simple and it’s proof of concept not a wallop. Contractual mistakes leading to outsized productivity losses continue to eat up time before production – and paid time off (PTO) is not a replacement for long hours and/or monthly bills. The rapid evolution of Shiny and
