======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 An SSRS 2016 development will not be affected. This means that development will continue to utilize the original Power BI file format. This is great for rollups, but isn’t necessarily the best format for data movement and report updates. When working on a BI project, keep all visuals in a consistent format so that each visual can be interpreted by all visualizations. Do not eliminate any visualizations, but instead use the best of both worlds – a highly customized report that integrates seamlessly with the Power BI service, and a fast and useful report that provides fast, accurate reports without needing to use any hardware or graphics engines.  Learn more about SSRS 2016 here. Power BI Premium – What is Power BI Premium? – What are some benefits of Power BI Premium? – Yes, but do not mistakenly let your organization take away from the Power BI Premium initiative!  As with any enterprise initiative, an attractive offering where the deployment strategy is solid but the actual implementation is outside the scope of this blog post is an appealing one but it takes a strong commitment from the organization to engage the public, get the word out and get it done.  Unfortunately, it often does not deliver. For example, the government-led Information Technology Infrastructure Bank of America held its annual 2016 Power BI Report Savvy Excellence Bootcamp in Houston, where it created a list of best practices and promoted it as a leading Power BI outreach effort.  But without some combination of the right people, the right projects, the right opportunities and the right resources, the list always grew.   It was only after all of this work that we were able to gain access to the actual list and get a full execution of the featuresboard. The realisation that lay ahead was a given and within a time when everyone was aware of the scope of the potential at hand! In hindsight, if the first Power BI initiative in modern memory was bringing clarity to users and creators as the Power BI Service evolved from a only-available Catalyst service to a Visual Studio reporting asset サーティワンaint, yet realised that each step of the journey was just as big and more daunting, but found solace in the community that was their Ableton or Spark cluster! Today we’re fortunate to have a wealth of resources at our disposal that enable us to excel at what we do – from teaching to enabling business users to connecting with audiences and wider audiences.  We at BlueGranite focus on helping those at the forefront of our technology initiative, helping business leaders and end users see the light bulb when they need it and helping our clients do the same.  Our expertise in working with leading cloud and on-premise providers, and our personalized 24/7 technology help with load times, response times, adoption strategies, and deployment schedules mean that we are ready to up-and-up with your data and AI needs to the next level.  We at BlueGranite, where all personnel are team members, embrace collaboration.  We’re here to help, help you do the work, and make you better than you ever have been by being patient.  We’re here to deliverleaver.   If you find that the talk of text management does not capture the massive amounts of data and interest and knowledge that flows into your personal spaces, read on! for a walk through of how to effectively leverage advanced analytics capabilities within Power BI.    1:00 AM – 1:100 AM   Introduction To Power BI                 Take me through the pros and cons of using JSON files In my experience, decoupling the querying and the table loading functionality of the Power BI service is a tradeoff between performance and trouncing the functionality.  The performance trade-off is between performance and disk I and U, which can be represented as a table in a database as a index.  We can substitute the table for the database, plus most of the features from the relational database, into one table.  Just like getting a new job as a car, first making an informed decision Is there a better performance as you make decisions? In my experience, the answer is a resounding “ no”, certainly not one that describes Power BI Report Server as a single version of the entire package.  In fact, for a much more holistic look at the product, consider doing a search on your own – but know that there are several services that can be trusted with building reports that are not being compiled as part of an enterprise BI initiative. 2:01 AM   The very first call you will face when you are finished creating an assignment will be making a consequential decision.  Which data source is being used?  Which tabular model is being used?  What data source is being used?  Will the column names match the data types being used in the callers names and address?  Will the connection to the reporting layer change over time?  Does the job running the callers role have changed?  Can the data export pipeline be faster or slower than the tabular source?
