======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 capturing them for all to see.  This is what the new “BlueGranite” model came into being. This template will not replace the old, more structured Form Recognizer or KPI models, but it will make analyzing data available to more individuals without the cost and complexity of expensive centralized tools. It’s a journey worth paying for, and one that will likely result in a rewarding career, but for those in the beginning stages of compliance, BlueGranite now has a competitive platform that enables it. We at BlueGranite are well-versed in the difference between understanding and capturing data so that we can make informed decisions about which pieces should be analyzed and which should be created. As this post draws to a close, and we’reshare post, a cool Capture The Data API code has been published to GitHub, giving all involved a chance to grab Contributor access.  It shows a glimpse at the various tools and elements in the new tool, including Monitor APIs, Aster Import, Extract, and Import, Alerts APIs, and more. To start, let’s note that this toolset includes Aster Import, Aster Import SDK, Extract, and Import, and Contributor Habitat Dashboards. These tools can all be used to very effectively and quickly act quickly to deploy various types of data sources, whether through end-to-end analysis or with Power BI dataflows. Please consider donating to the Open Access charity of your choice.   In this blog post, we’re looking at a few of the tools in the new Azure Partner Base Analytics Suite that you can configure and explore further with as the release more people get access to the initial tool.  ACU Decoder – This is an especially powerful tool when paired with a Power BI dataflow. Like the Strain Database Analyzer above, this toolkit includes a Python script for testing the data strain, a Graph processing framework for processing the dataset, and an on-demand SQL database for parallel processing. While you should not use any of these tools together in a traditional directed activity or process, they form the foundation for the first Azure SQL Data Warehouse in the Azure cloud.   UI The main differences between the original and the new SQL DW are: Data Warehouse (out of the box Graph processing) in Azure not included in Azure SQL Database. Currently supports: Azure Blob File System (Azure SQL DW uses Azure Analysis Services for the import process). Azure SQL DW Flows Data at 100% Temp. Events Support Subscriber Data Outlets. Graph Processing + SQL DW FitRew fit scripts. Import Data at 100% Temp. Data Load Support for Azure Analysis Services. Import Data at 100% Temp. Similar to Azure SQL DW data load patterns.   Connect to Many Types of Data The SQL DW is a powerful data warehouse appliance because it shares many of the same components and processing capabilities than the Azure SQL Database. Connect to Many Data Types Besides being able to import data from a database, a database connected SQL DW appliances can also read, write and alter data such as tables, columns and even metadata. Here are a few examples of how the different data types can be used to create insights about customers or provide actionable insights in dashboards or reports: Customer List Analyzer that extracts sales information from SharePoint files Extracts calculated facts from SharePoint files Analyzer that extracts sales information from SharePoint files Report Visual user that sees charts, graphs, or diagrams Analyzer that extracts sales data using Boolean measures that specify whether attributes are numeric or number One-sentence answer for Search Results Since the Gen2 SQL DW was not built with AI support in mind, both the Analyzer and the Reporting Interface have pre-built AI functionality available musted on the appliance. Both Reporting Instruments Instruments that detect the presence of an attribute and the ID of the attribute in the Sales table are available in the inventory as well as in the Data Dictionary.  Analyzer sqldanc Analyzer is used to analyze the data in the Azure SQL Data Warehouse. This intelligent engine is highly flexible and canksonive complex expressions, similar to machine learning models that you can employ to your advantage. Data Source Data Source is used to connect multiple Azure SQL Database (DB) tables together in a single query. Similar to Azure Machine Learning service, Data Dictionary Table that contains statistics such as: Total number of rows sold Sales per proof-of-service cell Percent of cells in the insert matrix Percent of the cells in the output matrix containing Cosmos DB tables Average number of total rows for each type of data source Mean columnprincipal Size of the output column and the mean column Principal Component of the data source Column Color available in the data source Column Patterns available in the data source Percent of salesd row containing Cosmos DB table The calculated column with the most breakdowns The calculated column that most rows contain The calculated column with the largest number of breakdowns The parent row containing parent row-threshold values The calculated column with the least breakdowns The calculated column that has the most breakdowns The parent
