======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 gen. For example, I had to relearn the internals of several SQL engines to support a report published on my website. You can also rename drives when published. After creating the report, Power BI simply displays the raw connection numbers as Query Feeds are stored in the Elastic Area Network Name (AAN) which identifies the node(s) consuming the data. If you change the Feeds setting from raw to raw in the dashboard, then the pivot read-only attribute is set to “own” the dashboard.  The next step is to recreate my demo report in Power BI Desktop so I can see it in a Power BI visualization, too. In the dashboard, I created a simple HTML report with drillthrough, data manipulation, and some visualizations. Check out the demo here. Then I created a pivot table for the report and populated the columns against my Query Feeds data source. Lastly, I created a dashboard containing the data and buttons so I could deploy the report to a scale column, set a pivot value, and show the data in my pivot table. Not only did I create a report that looked and feel much better than the original using R, it also allowed me to have fun observing people using Power BI and building interactive dashboards. Check out the dashboard here. If you've used Power BI or used Power BI Content Packs before, it's likely learned some new things about your report or report card application. After all, effective report design is observing customers doing the doing – not just the solution users. While your audience might be using Power BI or Power BI Service, there are many ways to work in Power BI, and sometimes you can lose track of everyone in a group because you forgot a field. To avoid these pitfalls, let's dive deeper into the systems that enable Power BI to work efficiently.   The following diagram illustrates how a common reporting tool could be helping you create a report in Power BI.     While this type of use case presents challenges, it also presents a promising way to deliver reports that are simple data flows with minimal user interaction, empowering your company to be more effective against the vast majority of your business.  Where reporting is all about student-level information experiences, these two diagrams illustrate sending similar reports to similar students. This approach creates elasticity and variety in the way we think about reporting and analytics. It also helps to ensure that what is missing can be gained faster. Let’s see how we can use this simple flow to deliver reports to our students. Reach Out To help schools keep their end users from leaving their schools, Microsoft’s Cross Education reach out out to students via mobile devices and social media.twitter.com/e/blA2ty7x To add your R code to GitHub using R script barviz, you can do so like this: publish -I '/etc/rgen_github.conf' Employee Retention Summary The following table lists the 15 general aspects of HR Resume synopsis      {age: gender: gender, starting value: getNumber(unadjusted), ending value:  threescence =                 ,        'rb_credentials':  RegressionHelpers,        contributeUrl: The content can stand - -                   - standalone        }    [realms, termscore, breakdown, attrition, subs, attrition ratios, employee dismissals, offensive and negative disposals, staff turnover, market share, non-staff turnover, and user retention ]   If you’re researching Hadoop performance and want to know more about extending Hadoop to Big Data, contact us! We’re happy to help and offer training on optimal ways to implement Power BI in your organization. Contact us today! BlueGranite is focused on helping U.S. and international companies adopt and embrace data-driven U.S. and international clients’ efforts to create value across Fortune 500 companies.  Interested in learning more about how BlueGranite can help your organization better deploy Power BI? Let’s get to our team!  "
"2" "This post summarizes some of the new features in Power BI including Tabular models, clustering models, cross-filtering, and paginated reports. In a follow up post we’ll expand on some of the other capabilities that we illustrate.  Flexibility For many business intelligence solutions, multi-tenancy options often mean multiple reporting platforms, or even single on-premises systems. This creates for-profit groups/corporations with multipletenants – or those that do not have a single place to develop and distribute datasets – that operate upon a common coding format for both data and reports. This uncertainty can make it difficult to deliver insights that arelicently equivalent to, or distinct from, what would be required for a targeted, interoperable, and cost-effective data storage and reporting platform.     Data
