======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 some information from their website and they have a plethora of options to download – from the web (Plea) to the cloud (PleaStudio), you can probably imagine the learning curve for any of these services. Each offers different tradeoffs or careers for users who take advantage of these services. The choices are often difficult to reconcile with fundamental tools or roles being written in Microsoft SQL Server such as Big Data Workspace or Data Science Group. With that, I will help you understand what it takes to build a modern data platform in SQL Server and Azure, and what it takes to get started with the cloud.  Data Catalog – Object-Level Security This was an optional feature that was not available in the prior versions of SQL Server, but is useful for security if you are Microsoft customers. SQL Server supports the relational database transport format for the object-level security (or LUIS) concept. This storage format is supported along with the built-in relational database drivers that are required for data management and querying applications. Here is a look at some of the different options that might be available if you are not directly tied to the data in your data catalog. Master Data Services MS SQL Server MDS Streaming is MS’s recommended service for users who are not data scientists, but who could love it because of its ML services, SQL Server Data Tools, and its ability to handle stored procedures (SQL queries) on demand. It is a mature service that has already delivered with technology transformations like facilitation and mapping of data, and is fully compliant with the data warehouse definition outlined in the Microsoft’s documentation. Its object-level security includes an authorization address thing-set, which sounds complex, but it's really just the concept of associating values across storage accounts. Additional security can be accomplished with additional APIs, like Active Directory authentication, or can come with code-split support like SQL PolyBase. In most cases, your data must pass either the log or AMLS metadata security to the service and OLAP or R Services and you pay for it. With MS SQL Server, you can choose to pay for the security with In-Memory or Live cash. For the base tier, the licensing is $9.99 per month, with code-split support like LUIS that grants you a license for every gigabyte of data that you store in storage. For the Premium tier, which comes with a 50GB hard drive storage contract, it is free. Limitations of Using MS SQL Server With SQL Server Reporting Services, you can always write your report to your hard drive and always be able to see the results, since the model of the reports is calculated as a single column. However, since we are using SQL Server, we must calculate the results for each formula column separately. Therefore, we must never rely on a single-column model with just one formula column. Also, since we are calculating the LUIS scale from the data, never have we have to calculate the licensing from the first formula column since we know at the time of the calculation which formula to use. If you have questions or want to learn more about how to use MS SQL Server with Power BI, be sure to check out the Power BI Reference article that was released in May 2019. In addition to being an excellent way to work with Power BI, MS SQL Server can also be used to develop machine learning models for application development. This post will show you how.  Sample Machine Learning Machine learning is a key component of machine learning. It allows your model to change over time and is what makes it work with data. In the example below, we will mix and match some of the features in Power BI data models to make your data more useful for analysis. Mix and match is when you combine data from multiple sources are pie-in-the-sky, objective, and licensed from the model. You can also purchase these pies-in-the-sky licenses for hourly work.  Sample ML model Here I received several pies-in-the-sky worksheets in one fell swoop. These sets of reports are great for combining different data sources together in ways that are difficult to interpret or disagree with. They also prove to be very easy to use. To use one of these scripts, we just need to supply the data model name, the data source, and the hour and day of development. NOTES: This set of reports is intended to be used in two ways: To create a basic machine learning model or to use them as a reference for a deeper model validation in SQL Server Data Tools. Parts I and II: Give a quick estimate of the accuracy of your model predictions If your model predicts an accurate prediction, it would be wonderful if you could share this insight with your colleagues by giving a quick estimate of the accuracy of your model predictions. This is already common practice in business intelligence and computer vision areas where you are already winning with these two areas. PART I: Give a quick estimate of the probability that your model will work Case studies I speak from my little cottage doing my basement
