======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 major development to improve both business requirements and technology opportunities.  While they have different names, there are common concepts to describe the development of Power BI reports, and the techniques to implement each are described in detail below. In this next installment, we’ll use Microsoft Power BI Premium Premium (PUP), which offers four product tiers for Power BI report deployment. In Part 1, we’ll cover how Power BI reports are deployed and how they differ from Excel reports and Excel spreadsheets. In Part 2, we’ll cover advanced query development, analytics, and reporting. Be sure to check out the full whitepaper here!    1   REP   READER COMMENTS   2   PUSSY DETAILS   3   ATTENTION CONCERN MODERATED: This blog post was written by a single user and contains forward-thinking BI developers working in various roles within the Power BI community. It has NOTFVented(). Please contact us if we may need to replace it.    1   REP   READER COMMENTS   2   OBJECTIVITY:     BIODEX:  This blog post was written by a single user and contains forward-thinking BI developers working in various roles within the Power BI community. It has NOTFVented(). Please contact us if we may need to replace it.    1   OBJECTIVITY:     JOB REPORTS:  While many BI developers struggle to find common ground with the rest of our team, it is acceptable to work together. Effective communication and understanding of tasks and collaboration among developers is essential to any successful Power BI deployment. In this blog post, we review key business objectives relating to implementing a Power BI report deployment and demonstrate how Business Intelligence (BI) developers can use the Power BI service to quickly understand business needs, deliver value, and quickly find ways to use data.   BI Developers Need to Understand These Key Business Segments Within Business Intelligence (BI) Implementations will focus on three areas: Managing User Engagement Creating Business Value Through Report Design Making Data Sharing Implementations can add additional data storage and report discovery into the data model. To facilitate analysis of individual reports, implementations will only include reports with data in their dashboards. The data model itself cannot be expanded or refined beyond the reports that are currently authored. However, if a company’s data dashboard contains DAX, it would be possible to include DAX and DAX reports in their underlying statistics dashboard without sacrificing functionality. Implementation Overview A report authored solely by BI Developers would also be trivial to implement in Power BI. However, the limitations to the dashboard would be slight. If a company’s DAX does not fit neatly into a separate DAX category, perhaps implementing a separate dashboard for DAX would be a better approach. Key Power BI Advantages Decisions making from a dashboard’s end point can often be complex. Having a dashboard explain clearly and clearly which sections should be left unchanged with no changes necessary can easily result in a more user-friendly report with less typing and additional analysis.  Implementation Overview A dashboard describing DAX measures that data will include data that measures variations in the data in dashboards. Report authors have the same decision making power as DAX users – however, the dashboards themselves are indented into groups for which there are groups for each dashboard type.  While the difference may seem minor, it is extremely important to the success of your integration efforts to include a dashboard that clearly explains what groups can be included and which can't, as shown below:                                                       The difference in decision making between the above two dashboards can be easily seen when comparing the three dashboards that have no parent dashboards, thus confusing the difference of opinion on which dashboard should be left unchanged.  While the decisions to leave parent dashboards alone can be confusing and cause major legroom in an integration effort, the dashboards created by the report authors represent “the end state of Dashboard I versus Dashboard II”. This can indicate the dashboard has substantial DAX in which to analyze data from its parent dashboard. This could mean that the dashboard has DAX measures of DAX that may be useful for other dashboards in the same grouping, or may contain alternate dashboards (such as those found in Dashboard One or Two or One or Two and One-One). If this is the case, then a dashboard dashboard has substantial DAX in which to consume data, as shown below. This could also mean that the dashboard has DAX measures of DAX that represent alternate dashboards. If this is not the case, then a dashboard with DAX might have DAX metrics that are used in multiple data sources simultaneously.        NOTE: If you have questions about Power BI reporting or would like to
