======== SAMPLE 1 ========
: A new, high-traffic area near their business. They'll also need to build up a level of infrastructure and a sense of self-confidence through what they can do for others in the business. A customer can find themselves needing these abilities to take advantage of these customers in an area that's not where they need to be to stay engaged. Here are a few examples:                                    -                                This area can serve quite a few customers at a given time. However, in its current position, the need for this level of self-service capacity is high.  Imagine we wanted to take a quick coffee break between work and a big meeting. We don’t even know that coffee breaks are the best part of the day to day routine at work. We want to do some of that time doing some shopping and we also know that it’s not easy to just stand in line on time. We’re talking about building a business here, but building it in a way that keeps our energy up means building up the skills we need to do our job. It’s going to get a little challenging and time consuming, but after a while – we’ll get going.                                        2               1                               A couple of reasons the role of the HR person in the organization becomes even more important when the need arises. First and most importantly, it’s a role that needs to be considered and fully explored. Second, and perhaps more directly, it is the role of HR professionals to provide a level of self-confidence that helps them to take advantage of opportunities presented to them. Often the roles and qualifications of the HR professional do not align well with the circumstances and needs of the customer. They need to make difficult decisions to make an effort to make the customer happy.  Third, and perhaps especially more directly, it is the role of HR professionals who are responsible for building customer engagement and customer satisfaction. In their HR role it is the HR professional who provides the level of self-confidence that helps the customer to keep their eyes on the prize and avoid distractions.  For this purpose, it is important that the HR professional assess and determine how effective the customer was in making positive improvements to their business, whether positive or negative.  As soon as the customer becomes interested in something, the HR professional will review relevant information that has been provided to them, and may make a decision regarding the customer’s interest level at the time of the purchase. Then when the customer’s interest is satisfied, the HR professional will go about meeting with the customer prior to finalizing the purchase. This should include an opportunity to discuss both the customer’s desire regarding the product in front of the customer, and the opportunity to build a relationship with the customer in order to learn more about their needs and preferences.  Fourth, it is important for HR professionals to assess customer interest in what is presented to them and to make sure their feedback has a positive impact on the company’s decision making process. Lastly, the role of HR professionals in helping the customer achieve their expectations is not just to deliver on their promises, it is an essential role to which any user can lead.  They can not only provide positive feedback to the customer, but will also help set expectations and expectations that can help them improve their business.  By providing the level of self-confidence that enables a company to reap huge profits from the products it serves, the HR professionals can maintain a level of self-confidence that will help them to take control of their interactions, to stay on top of what they are doing, and to manage their own energy accordingly, without fear of being held back in the meetings where it is too difficult or difficult to do things.  The role of the HR professionals goes something like this:  “The HR professional provides information for the customer’s interest in what “them” is in a product, so that they can make a decision based on it. Through this process, they’ve reached the position where they are able to do this for the customer’s interest.  This can be accomplished by building on previous experiences with the customer’s attention to detail  and by having a person “know what the customer likes and “know what the customer’s interest is.  This helps the HR professional to have a positive attitude, to be successful, and to ensure that the customer is satisfied with his purchase.  As the level of self-confidence grows, so does the level of expectations for what the customer wants from the company. As an HR veteran, I see both the importance and
