======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, it’s much easier to understand the concept, perform some analysis, and then pull the trigger to purchase a plane ticket to an airport that afternoon. It’s much less susceptible to getting boxed in and out — the ticketmaster is always ready to assist with loading or unloading. Since we don’t need to copy and paste data from an official Power BI report every time the reports are refreshed, we can focus our attention just before the necessary data to execute the analysis. In addition to the expected time to capacity when the report refreshes, BlueGranite can also easily create “reset dates” by triggering the Power BI report UI once the required data has been returned to the data scientist. Reset Dates allow Power BI authors to reset the date ranges displayed when they most need to refresh data. When used effectively, it can create periods of resumption when necessary, or allow users to continue to access data through any means necessary until the data is returned to them. For example, it could be used to turn off the report for an established period of time, then turn it back on once the report returns to its natural state. It can also be called from within Power BI to reset data after a certain period of time. This approach offers many benefits over the more commonly known Power BI reset dates and methods, like Workspaces, a few drawbacks: Limit how many Power BI reports can be displayed at a time One downside: When using a Power BI Report UI (available with DAX from Microsoft’s Garrick and Shiny affiliates), there are multiple refresh options; whether you want single reports or multiple Power BI reports in a single layout is up to you. While a Power BI Report UI can be modified by multiple apps or processes, using multiple reports can be complicated, as there’s currently a lack of a preferred layout for single reports. You can also worry about top-level apps and features that want to remain on top of new content, but aren’t ready for a Power BI Report UI. Currently, there are three recommended layouts for a Power BI Report UI: Nav System, used for Traditional Document and Shared Files, for Power BI Reports without eBook content. Traditional Document/Shared Files are layouts that are typically not available with a Power BI Report UI. There are also a lot of options in the tile selection process, and it can be challenging to maintain an exact match between tiles between reports created with the same Power BI reports. The Traditional Document/Shared Files list is used for reports that can be shared with end-users, and the list layout is where you would filter data (e.g., recipients for a report, tiles for a report, etc.) Although there are a lot of options in the tile selection process, it’s best to stick with the traditional report layout, which avoids many of the potential data sources that could be revealed when a tile was added. The Digital Transformation list (DTW) is a very popular list layout because it is a very simple list that should be repeated often. It is maintained with a preference list that is only slightly harder to change over time. It is also easy to lose a DTW list when adding more content. The default tile selection in Power BI workspaces is the left (SS), but you can change the top (ET). It’s best to keep all your content tiles regardless of whether your are a Power BI user or not. If you have an office job that requires the use of visual interactions (like data editors), you can’t change the DTW list layout (and vice versa). The DTW list layout is one of the reasons that so many report designers want to keep a current impression of what is currently in the Workspace. Also, since we are using a Personalized list, I must point out that this is not a requirement when creating the report. The list is mapped to an API key as shown below. When viewing the list, you will need to restrict the workspace to be Blob Storage and make note of any workspace managers cannot connect to (even if they use API access). The screenshot below shows a sample report that I created for a client-server collaboration. Below is the summary PDF of the report page (it should work with GitHub repositories though). I top-level-focused in nature and like the look of it well done made tiles add new information, like date, month, year, and more. Here is a diagram of what is to create the custom report I created:  As you can see, the look and feel of the report is very much enhanced by the list layout provided below. The DTW list layout allows you to compose very easily depending on the size of your report corpus. Since the report needs to look very design-free, it will generate very often query requests. Want to know more about Power BI Report Layout? Check out this handy overview of useful Power BI Report Layout resources. *Download the free Trim Data Toolkit for your Microsoft Windows, Linux, or Windows Server 2008
