======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 How BlueGranite developed the new data model, which is the foundation of the Azure Machine Learning Service, is the foundation on which BlueGranite builds its own custom model to help users discover and leverage advanced analytics capabilities in the cloud.  With both Power BI and Azure ML both built on the same platform, Power BI provides a common set of tools for creating and maintaining robust analytics models. Azure ML, by contrast, is a reimagined, fully integrated tool for building on that platform with the goal of empowering users more easily and equipping them with “right answers” in the form of Form Analytics or Flow.  As our practice has indicated for years, the key to success in the Azure cloud is finding ways to combine the cloud-based experience with the many forms and interactions between the various platforms. As both a data knowledge-genering tool and a data modeling and modeling engine, Form Analytics helps users naturally shape data models and insights. Flow can generate and consume data in a user-friendly manner, while Form Analytics is structured to interactively link together the data it needs to understand the data and formulate actionable insights.  One of our clients exploring the enterprise analytics landscape, was particularly struck by how user interfaces can drastically alter model building. One of our clients – like many around the industry – saw forms and insights as a function, rather than a feature. This is a fundamental difference between building a consumer-facing product and a high-growth enterprise where data analytics capabilities are stretched thin, often as a result of outside eyes looking at something hunky olekinetically. This is perfectly acceptable – but not wholly acceptable – for a data model to be.  As part of a solution to meet these different users, a differentiator has to be applied. A better way to approach this question is through defining a role for user interfaces. A tool designed for interactions between different data – and activities for users to draw upon the strengths of the various tools and languages – can succeed where tools designed for collaborative and collaborating on long-term projects can fail. A tool designed for that last end-to-end challenge of connecting and structuring data, then presenting it to people through a tool such as Form Analytics – a crucial distinction – can be especially powerful.  As users click through various forms and interactions, they begin to understand data more fully. They begin to intuitively grasp aspects of the data more clearly – even flipping through images and navigation throughout the document. And they do it all faster and faster. I've even worked with interactive forms that start very quickly – occasionally nearly a week – and gradually teach me things like basic information about the data within seconds. I can immediately begin to parse through to the hidden details within hundreds of thousands of fields. I have the proper forms loaded at approximately 5am – 7am, once a day – and suddenly have a form for every single value in every field, every hour and every minute. The same could be said for the flow of business. A data model intended for a very long time can have myriad artifacts created for the same function. These various attempts to an enliven the data have disparate strengths and weaknesses.  An important virtue of creating balanced data models is balancing the strengths with the weakness. For example, one must be striving to figure out what “advanced’ capabilities should be available to analysts prior to querying the data, and, when that should be done, to what purpose? Before we look at advanced analytics, consider several other questions surrounding the data, and then decide if you need to go back to the drawing board and re-generally define what you need to know. What is the most important type of data I need to know in order to make an informed decision? Is my financial information relevant to my decision? Is my leadership position important to my decision? These questions can be very difficult issues to answer, and using data can be difficult too. Do you have questions for BlueGranite’s expert data architects? BlueGranite experts are experts at crafting questions that can and should be asked – and answers can be measured. Our team of analysts is part of the same single-career family; our focus is on helping organizations realize their goals more efficiently, and more holistically. BlueGranite architects understand this – and we’re that team. Contact us today to discover how we help clients solve more difficult issues through innovative and effective data platform solutions."
"115" "Every organization has different challenges and strengths. Successful companies all over the world are seeking to understand and overcome those challenges to achieve their long-term goals of sustainable business results. Often they seek to undertake difficult tasks in order to boost their markets and workers' living standards and skills, thereby eroding their sources of income. Meanwhile, their competitors are trying to outsmart them to boost their capabilities and products, and grab workers’ hearts and minds.   In business, success is measured in both successes and failures. In individuals’ words, success is measured in 
