======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. For more information, see Microsoft Knowledge Mining eBook.  If you have questions or want to learn more about machine learning in Python, check out BlueGranite’s Python Workshop, or get in contact with one of our trained experts today!"
"140" " The world of Artificial Intelligence is long, filled with legends and strange facts about it that should baffle no one. In recent years, technology has advanced at an exponential pace that the annual budget for AI research has exceeded $15B, and even advanced beyond predictions of the late 1990s.  Yet the vast majority of AI innovation remains at current levels at best (artificial intelligence), and (sometimes) at worst (data science).  Why do so many people seem to have an iceberg that doesn’t bottom, and who gets to climb it and outshine it?  In this article, I’ll lay out some common misconceptions about AI, try to demystify some of the real-world benefits and costs, and point out some promising new applications of AI development that are seemingly low-risk but still capable of massive potential. If you need help starting or even just starting AI right now, contact BlueGranite today. We’re here to help."
"141" "In Power BI’s preview today, a new dashboard was released called Quantized Sales Data Lakes. It is an AI-based dataset that lets developers use any visual formatter you’re creating in Power BI. It is compatible with any version of Excel that supports dimensionality rules like .xls, .xls+xml, or .xls and it also embeds itself into Power Query in a matter of seconds.   When working with data in Power BI, it’s very important to have a fast data source that allows for loading much of the data that you’ll want to Azure Data Factory while also allowing for dynamic loading of data sources and transformers while rendering. With this new dashboard, Microsoft introduced data flatten to its existing Dynamics 365 data compression feature and transforms the data into an extremely fast data model without impacting the fact that dynamic loading is required in this data source.      It provides a rich, drag-and-drop interface While Desktop and Mobile, Power BI is also well equipped to consume external data sources in a variety of formats. Whether you want to compress your own data or extract information from it on the fly, Power BI delivers a seamless experience. Enter the Quantized Sales Data Lake.   Using a data source as a compute resource can cause performance bottlenecks if windowing other than loading data sources will do the heavy lifting.  So, how does one get started? In short, you might have to use ADLS to import your data from Azure or Gartner’s app. You’re probably going to re-pack your data in the cloud if you’re already storing it in your data source. So, instead you’ll import your data into a snapshot data frame that you save as data in Power BI. You’ll get back data in the form of a pipeline visual when you save your data in this dashboard.   The first time you’ll interfere with the dashboard you’ll receive an alert of the issue, the next time you’ll receive a dashboard error message indicating that your data model had changed, or if there are any actions you may need to perform some data cleanses in the future. This is a great dashboard to take actionable information with all of its features ready.  There is an interactive drag-and-drop mode that lets you drill through its interactions with other Power BI components like PolyBase or Excel. Also, you can spin up a visual visual editor like ArcGIS Flightview or any Visual Studio editor to easily add and edit visualizations. Quantized Sales Data Lakes can be created in just a few minutes, or you can take advantage of all the productivity benefits of subscription fun! Contact BlueGranite today for more details."
"142" "In this quarterly Power BI report on Wednesday, July 6, 2018, I’ve re-examined some key top-notch Power BI performance topics of the past two years. The Power BI report comes with a wealth of analytics scenarios, chart settings, reports, performance tuning, reports customizations, Power BI Dashboards, and more.  Since the report’s introduction in October 2019, I wanted to dig a little deeper by listing some of the most important questions to answer about Power BI Report Server. What is the Power BI Report Server? Why aren’t we moving to Power
