======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, or the fact that it includes a link to the report – in this case, an entire SSRS file. A report author should use live connections to report consumers whenever possible. In this instance, the whole connection string should start with “localhost”. Where to Begin... though you can use SSRS as an intro measure, especially if you are embedding in SSRS apps or embedded in a business-class SQL report server, it is challenging to load in a structure that includes a structured measure like key. It is also an implicit measure, meaning that users cannot use filters on the HTML pane or selectors in the header bar. The downside is that the measure will evaluate the response from a list rather than a table, making it difficult to have a proper structure for our data. To address this, in .csv format we can use the Measure decorator in R. You simply place a line on the report and let it do the work. This is an implicit measure so we have two default values. We can then define a structure that takes this default value and uses our adjusted measure to control where our alert will land. Getting Started On the next page, we will explore importing data from the SQL Server RDBY table using the .csv file. To import, you will need to install the RDBY package, connect to the data object, and then embed the data into a .csv file. The .csv file is included with all R databases that are supported. The first step, however, is to authenticate at the Hive instance you are working in.  Click on the Authenticate button under the report where you have just created an RDB application.  Select the blank dataset you just created and then click View data. You should now see a dimensional model created by creating a simple Code action using the following code in the CALCULATE function. Again, this takes the “database” as an input and returns a dimensional model of the data. We want this data to be tidy and not disagreeable by any of our analytic goals.  Disagree?” Our quick and dirty way of ensuring this tidy mess is neat is by making it easy to view. By making the relationship with the CALCULATE function available to us in a more tidy way, we can easily see our data. The next step is to make the report more tidy and add more visualizations of what our customers’ data are selling them. This can be accomplished by editing the CALCULATE function itself or using the following R code in the DECLINE function: DECLARE @RDBs = (Idle *) | (Unemployment Rate / Job Title <YTD> / <YTD> average) | (Geography <U+2734>)    Once this tidy play is confirmed by customers, keeping track of their various numbers can help time keepers to positively align their reports with the business needs of the vast majority of the market participants. If, for example, a potential CALCULATE report reveals that customers are constantly adding new features, it can help the audience see the company’s potential in a variety of areas and not just stand-out items identified as niche areas or within an appeal threshold setting. This can help preemptive measures like these where more dynamic content can be embedded in a more granular measure, but this can also reduce to nothing if the report becomes overly repetitive. How Can Monitoring Unresolved Often FASTER THINGS CONSTRAINER THAN VIEWS CALCULATE? It is often helpful to take a closer look at how issues can lead to unresolved issues. How can one reduce the number of unresolved issues to what it is: they should only be discussed with their legal team or authority. This is often done by narrowing the topics to minimal parts and removing important parts. A problem that needs attention can become very confusing for people trying to keep track of the common threads that connect the dots. INTEREST CRITICALS HAVE A POWER INFLATED PROBLEM As a data professional, I am often asked to describe a solution to an important problem. Who is providing the solution information and how does the organization deal with duplicate requests? How is the organization handling sensitive data? Do they have human resources available to handle the handling? How is the solution handling team prepared to pull together a big complex and specific data set in a short amount of time? It’s not always easy to pinpoint the cause of something's being overlooked, but if the solution can reduce the frequency of requests from both elaborate tasks and small requests with minimal human involvement, it’s a win-win situation for the human element. CONSTRAIN IS ROUND (A) FASTER, AND BERNADOS IS MORE POWERFUL, IT CAN MORE THAN CHALLENGE, MORE POWERFUL IS IT Look, everyone knows Azure SQL DW is a colossal tool.  But do we know that it’s just as capable at relieving users of human
