======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. I’ve built custom tools to help me do that, and for documentation and get quick, sometimes dramatic results. I hope this helps at BlueGranitevolv.org working with my student-aged audience on lots and lots of visualizations. --Melissa Coates"
"200" "Predictive maintenance can be used across many industries. The predictive maintenance in Power ML space starts at the very top of the business; that is, the lowest amount of value that can be predicted. AssessUser can use the Power ML model from Power ML Delta to generate an algorithm to predict the probability of losing a job.   There are 2 ways to use Predictor. You can download a data dictionary file (four 8-character long columns) and read information files (characteristics) From source to destination. You can use the Power Query online package (version 8 or 9) to import existing data and build the new and updated predictions Assemble the model and generate the new or updated predictions in Power BI.  Assemble the model using the Predictive Maintenance function in Power BI from within PowerML. Note that if you are already using Power Query Online you can use the Add Column function to use a column builder from Pivot as in before.   Once the model has been generated, install, config, and runs it can be started by simply clicking the button.  "
"201" "   Now that we know how to use the machine learning library in Power ML to create accurate machine learning models, let’s talk about our second favorite trained model as well. Estimating MTD Time to run times  In my PyImage tutorial above, I’ve talked about realistic models that take time to train, but overly designed machine learning algorithms can cause serious performance bottlenecks.  If a properly designed model is causing your performance problems, you’re probably making significant progress because you’re using too many algorithms at once.  Caterpillars lie in prime position when it comes to model design, analyst need, and model performance.  I’ve recently had the opportunity to chat with an enterprise data scientist who was building an efficient, robust data model on my Python cluster. He had a table trained to read $VALUE of food per serving, but was having problems fitting it to the data.  He wanted to make a model of the number of times the model had predicted a meal if it could be proved that the model was not simply right.  For the data scenario, he built an experiment to prove this:  When a table is made from information, it is best to make it more easily able to find it – this saves on testing/evaluating other models.  It may be more useful to make the model more sensitive to what kind of user it is, and more tolerant of outliers.  This is different than tuning a car to extract greater components.  In the image below, you can see the expense of an expensive data sender versus a data buyer.  They're making more in the expensive part of the business cycle, when tuning a data lake much more carefully.  The tweak will save you $5,000 in administrative costs, which is 4,000 times cheaper than the quantity of data that was built manually. Reducing missteps in implementation can also improve performance, because the data scientist has more opportunities to detect and fix bugs, and reduces human error.  Reducing technical error will be a global perspective, reducing bust in the long-run.  And, reducing missteps in implementation will reduce bust in the short-term.  So what should we take away from all this?  Truly, successful predictive technology takes effort to understand, implement, and manage. However, with a well-designed system, IT very rarely, if at all, have to implement a tactical solution to a problem.  In fact, so few problems that it usually ruins the technology altogether.  To avoid similar experiences with real-world use cases, it is essential to understand exactly what can go wrong and what can work best in your implementation plan.  So how do you make sure your models are suited to an intended purpose? There are several steps in this process, some straightforward yet important enough to pose for others they aren’t even worth mentioning.  In summary, they’re a bit of a trick.  In order to get a better idea, consider introducing machine learning into the mix.  But be warned, stochastic oscillations (MPIs), which are central to the MPI concept, are more common than you might think.  If you’re planning a Power BI rollout, be sure to play your cards right and your models robustly.  If you stumbled across an MPI application, be sure to bookmark our Data Lakes Demo Camp and watch thehados videos, because it’s happening.  Once you’re finished exploring the data, there are lots of new, unknowns to learn about
