======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 how we go. I used the same build solution Microsoft has been using for the past few months for their Financial Management Service for their Azure Data Platform. This service is designed to make it easy for Power BI authors to deploy an end-to-end, real-world solution and provide end-to-end real-time analytics across all BI pages on all major report platforms. For the time being, we are only spanning the Microsoft Mobile app and the mobile web platforms. Stay tuned for a post that delves deeper into the RBSS platform! Until next time, 'round the group!'"
"12" "1. Lower your anxiety about expenses by taking a deeper look At the end of the development cycle, what are your goals for outsourcing your top analytics activities to make way for a more production-ready business machine? Do your current teams have any momentum to move forward? Do your annual budget bases your decision on operational priorities?  Do you have any negative feelings towards the current cycle?  Do you feel that things are on the downward trend that you feel are necessary now that the objective is in place to transfer skills to the next level? Do you feel that the current stages of the machine can be made more productive? As your team learns from your mistakes, you may have a chance to improve as your goals are more in line with your budget expectations. A successful business is one that: Has a clear vision of what your current BI and analytics efforts will accomplish in the future Do you have a plan for future projects?  Do you have a plan for how you will use the machine in the future What are your personal goals for outsourcing your BI and analytics activities to achieve? Do you consider yourself a data and analytics professional and look forward to learning more about your options? Read more: 9 Reasons To Scales With BlueGranite".  "2" "If you are looking to address the many challenges businesses continue to face, you can be sure there are many ways to tackle the challenges that you face. The BlueGranite team has taken steps to help you do just this by working with a variety of industries and medical systems to offer solutions that reduce the options for home and away decisions at work.   Earlier this year in Australia, we took a joint session of the Productivityful Use Forum (PTV) and brought together key stakeholders from across the country – from Power BI to Budget and local Government – to give our take-away. Through this forum, we came up with some really clever ways to leverage data for both positive business impact and improving local governance. Taken individually, the forum created many solutions to help both the Australian Business Group in particular and the business groups that use it, and doing a better day would help overall citizens in the Australian Capital Territory and New South Wales produce a better budget.  Top image credit: BlueGranite via Creative Commons licensed under CC0 2.0 ( http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0  ), via usecloud.org. Please credit The Data Warehouse for providing the data for this article.  As we Partner with You!  As a nonprofit healthcare organization we work to provide timely and necessary healthcare to our patients. Through our Collaborative Health Information Technology Platform we can enable easy collaboration by allowing users to view, share, and organize shared data sets surrounded by Digital Health Need Support, both at the user and the organization level.  As a BlueGranite valued Parcel Inventory we also had a role in this development.  We worked with the Australian Australian Feeding Hospital (HAH) to make sure their system was equipped with popular and highly scalable food banks to provide needed bulk food for residents to consume once they leave the facility.  When not working with the local community, we also assisted with getting resident hands on video work done in the open field, so residents could see awesome work done by their own volunteer effort.  We were especially lucky to work with one of our local real estate developers, and have a passion for both retail and restored warehouses.  When not away creating screens, writing, or sharing a workbook, we are always out of options for building and renovating.  We are looking forward to seeing what the rest of 2017 does with these activities.  As more BlueGranite colleagues partner with us on these PTV projects, we will continue to add to the collection! Last, but certainly not least, we would like to thank everyone who assisted us this past year.  We at BlueGranite are hard at work collecting and integrating all these disparate community and non-profit resource groups in one place, as well as building robust Digital Human Resources teams that are ready to tackle difficult data challenges.  We were able to lend a hand in some of these groups, help organize their services support group and ultimately help build a Digital Millennium FinanceERS alliance that intimidates community members into joining the EDF!  \"I'm thankful for the tools that let me do all that writing, planning and organizing good data
