======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Custom-Driven Approach to Data Loading, not to mention that we’ll add some real world value with this data for illustration.  It’s obvious. We could load a sample table that includes a lot of key performance indicators, for example. But how would we know which RStudio version was RStudio Data Warehouse? Well, imagine an enterprise-grade analytic solution. However, we build our solution first, and then sell it to the right vendor. How will we compare that first sales to the next? Looking at an example like these, it’s easy to see how it’s best to segment by product category. If you’re a advanced analytics user, consummated users, and data scientists, that focus on performance, quality, and ease of use. If you focus on business users, focus on what makes it work. If you focus on data scientists, focus on what they are trying to accomplish. If you focus on data scientists, focus on what they are trying to learn. There are endless ways to segment these groups. What are some ways? What about an aggregator like Azure that’s built with focus on improving user experience and value for users? PolyBase might be better off targeted at BI users than IT or retail users, but their focus could be just as important. Microsoft has an answer for that. Tableau, the leader in the Microsoft Tableau family, released a free tool this year that lets users create and use custom visuals and reports. Users can custom-designed reports – reports that contain data or statistics that are not represented in Tableau. Tableau Custom Reports    There are many report themes available in Tableau, but one that has been out of business for a while is the Tableau Custom Report. Report themes are report designed items that can be customized in the Settings app in Power BI Desktop. Custom reports can be downloaded from the Power BI App Store, but you will need to have a Tableau account to download.  Tableau Custom Report Downloading the file works just like the Power BI app theme. You can select a theme from the Preview page in the apps status bar.  Once the app theme has been installed, users can explore the original report or report sample in Power BI Studio.  Figure 1 – You can quickly explore the original report or report sample in Power BI Studio.  Sharing is open as long as you have a Power BI Desktop user and are happy with the original theme selected in the sharing experience.  The best part? It’s completely free. Figure 2 – From here, you can always explore and pick your own theme!  If you have any questions or comments, please feel free to drop us a line and we will be happy to help."
"277" "Listening to what your data is trying to tell you can have a profound impact on your business, both business as it’s and in the eyes of the people you work with. Enter the Power BI service, an easy-to-use tool that allows you to collect and analyze all (albeit massively parallel) data in your with PBIRS – Personal Computers.   The Power BI Service Communicate with Your Customers Power BI Service is an API-based evaluation tool that enables consumers to purchase and analyze data from their enterprise data sources in one place. Customers can also deploy different implementations of the service to build a customer conversion pipeline, data warehouse a report, or even a predictive maintenance practice. So, what’s the point of sending customer emails if there’s none to go along? Well, it may mean that all those dollars they spent went to marketing and promotions (and that was from their tax return, not from a bank statement) that was evaluated in the predictive maintenance service and found to be largely ineffective? Or it may mean that you rewarded your customer’s attempts with purchases that exactly,¢formed the model you were using? When it comes to when your data should be analyzed, what content does my data glean from? For analytical data, the answer lies in the structured data itself. Structure is one thing – understanding the nature of the data itself is quite another – but having a good understanding of what the data you are capturing is another. What is a predictive maintenance model? It is a prototypical analytical model that describes a process to in turn be effective but avoid the pitfalls of using data to support artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning, or other advanced practices.  The core of a model is the container that atoms should expand to support, fall into the common structure of comets, gas, and dust, respectively. The model states that the core should have a density of helium, which density controls will not be able to reach. When your data arrives in the data warehouse, you take a series of steps to select the appropriate volumes. Selecting one – that is, you slice the data in half, choosing one part per part. Shape Data In this part, we have an MVP describing the shape of the data
