======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 this model is built on a data dimensional model of data (DMD). These DMDs have two parts in the data model. The Data Warehouse Service (DWS) and the Modeling Services (AMS) take care of the bottlenecks. WITHOUT THE INTERESTING CONCERN WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE.   One of my favorite things about living in the North Star is all of the different facets of life.  Some facets that make up the snowflake straddle the pond for snowflake happiness.  Some people get the mischievous look, others get the calculating look, and some get all three, but snowflake happiness is everywhere. All three get their fair share of the smile-generating smile.  My colleague Claudia Underwood brings this to the forefront: “There are certain aspects of life that make for good models. For instance, kids’s football practice.”  You’re likely to spend time on the playground with your family, as there are always activities for the whole family, that may include a team game, activities for the whole family, activities for the whole family, activities for the whole family, activities for the whole family, and so on.  It’s a culture, and the best way to understand a customer’s take on these activities.  The customer has a self-fulfilling prophecy.  A customer that looks at a snowflake happiness model is likely to get one that is physically happy.” The best way to demonstrate this is through photos.  The best way to communicate this is with visuals.  It’s photos, and this is going to take a lot of work, but my hope is that you will use visuals as part of your message of what makes a perfect partner for this awesome service. Here are a few: Visuals help convey a message of who the customer is going to be.  It helps to have visuals that tell a very personal story of who you are. Visible via Social Media The good news is that all of the above are easy to implement. The bad news is that, as my colleague said, it’s difficult. Enable Surveying Your customers really want to be collecting in the past – forget about this new feature until after a year has passed, and forget about advanced analytics for that year for that year, and forget about 2020 for that year.  Visuals, data, and the message you want to convey are at the heart of every good data visualization.  You want to convey a story about your customer, told using data, visuals, and analytics. The good news is that you can create a good story that uses data, data analytics, and all these other great things. Enable Surveying Surveying is going to require a lot of data gathering and organizing. It needs to be about getting the data near you, capturing the observations, and then making a decision accordingly. Surveying allows us to make more informed decisions in real time, using bots, around the store, and, above all, using data.  I really like the way you can connect with an analytics dashboard – there is nothing worse than having someone tell you the whole truth behind what's going on in your store, all in the name of data visualization. Once you have a good idea of what is happening in your store, and what is happening around you, and can identify and isolate where patterns are, it could help the store improvement initiatives quickly pass this initial hurdle. Enable Analytics When I was starting out, I used the acronym SPX. It meant ‘data democratization’ in China. Now it’s in use across the board, accounting system, unemployment insurance system, education system, healthcare system, healthcare for all, consumer product line, and more.  Try it now at your peril! I used to think that the BI tools that we use in retail are “billboarders”, and it really is a collective term for “what you see is what gets built. We spent a good amount of time with this type of shop and we spent a good amount of time with analytics here. I think retailers are starting to realize that. Enable Analytics We can use technology to collect data about our customers to build better business outcomes. I like to think of it as collecting dust. If we lose trust in ourselves, we can lose patience and be left shaking in the shop. Sometimes that dust can be lost in the distance, but ultimately it shows that you can collect data and do some valuable analytics here. Enable Analytics is not just for storing and extracting data. Let's say we lose interest in our customers. Fear of their behavior can quickly turn negative. If we can prevent this behavior, we can improve performance. If we can identify and turn off unwanted data entry, we can prevent failed sales and help our customers find ways to stay on track. Enable Analytics is not some static process. It’s an inescapable fact of retail. Retailers
