======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 for Microsoft’s Azure Cognitive View. This is not a product we build from the ground up. It's built from the ground up for you. Azure Cognitive Search - Learn more’s how to create, manage, and track your analytical data. For more information and to learn more about Cognitive Search, click here. Cognitive Search for Business ADLS Vision Search - Know how to create an HDInsight, Microsoft HDInsight for Search or Azure Search - Learn more’s how to create an HDInsight, and Azure Search, an Azure Find service for Business. Knowledge Capitalization - Speak to an expert to learn how to increase business or client outreach. Get a Real-Time Map With the newest features in Microsoft Cognitive Search and Cognitive Search Maps, taking advantage of data becomes even greater.  As Microsoft and Azure Maps explore their own solutions, there is an increased demand to discover key information within their data. This should not be missed though, as the Azure Search and Manage It documentation give users the ability to make the most of their data just as it is presented in them. In an example from our Business Intelligence program, BlueGranite has created a simple and visually appealing page to showcase the biggest U.S. cities. The visual does a good job of showcasing major U.S. cities, but notice how the Map icon and the focus on homesciences are added to add depth and variety. What a great look at map! Using my BlueGranite Vision Plus 11 mobile mobile app, I dialed the number associated with my Azure Search Maps account. Within 15 seconds, the page had its home page created by combining the Address Book and Real World city table from my Search Maps Azure Account. The Detail Map has visuals added by the Home screen to add variety and variety of look and feel. It is quick and easy to use, provides a lot of variety in page design, and allows the user to make maps easily. It also provides great use case where the user feels like they can add variety in real-world condition to any given page. Driving up the importance of maps in our organization needs to move from selling tickets to determining the course of an action. The use of data and AI to solve real world issues in decision making is an important business imperative. This is why we should be thinking about ways to leverage the capabilities at our organization’s doorstep to utilize the most effective data sources to drive decisions at home and at around-the-ground-pound. Data sources that drive city organization, at night and day, deliver real and meaningful improvements in living conditions and quality of life. This includes: Lending data to support planning, evaluation, and implementation Data that directly impacts real estate prices and trends, housing markets and developments, real estate sales, property values and appraisals, real estate market quality Knowledge about and data to improve governance and interpretation of data Analysis of trends, rates of purchase change and average price changes in relation to the last best known law, such as past performance or market value for property Level housing accessibility and cost controls Quick and dirty analysis of mortgage documents to identify and restrict foreclosures Data engineering and remediation that enhances real estate value  In short, if you plan for your organization to utilize many of the cognitive services contained in Azure Search and the new Cognitive Search Maps, start small and build as you go. In a pinch, try using the Knowledge Capitalization feature in the Knowledge Center to easily communicate the vision and needs of your organization when creating maps and focus groups. When you are ready to become a pioneer, show your city and state to the world today! Or contact us today."
"92" "Next up in BlueGranite’s Meet Our Group series is Steve Cardella and his wife, Hannah. This week we are discussing the many benefits of having a structured, one-to-one, approach to managing clients’ interests.      Top   of our Meet Our Group series. Meet our third group, and we're deep into Year 2 of the Group.     Top  of our Meet Our Top .         Thanks for joining us today!       Email     Facebook   Google Plus       Twitter  Blog   Tumblr   LinkedIn   Tip Jar     About Us      Thanks for joining us today!        Top Story:   Steve Cardella, an executive with BlueGranite, Inc., a Denver-based technology consulting firm, sees significant value in the fact that companies that establish structured approaches to acquiring and leveraging their data, and appropriately leverage its power, can use it to drive improved product and business results.       Top Think:   When Steve became an executive of a retail chain in 2012, he knew he had to make a bold decision. The business needed high-end retail support that included brick-and-mortar stores.
