======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 adds to the high-stakes analysis, although business-savvy IT departments aren’t dominant. For a more in-depth analysis of cloud analytics strategies, check out this whitepaper from Microsoft. To get started, read in on how we built a bot that leverages Azure analytics to analyze financial data.  The key concept behind “real-time pull requests” is this: When a data source is written, the Power BI application queries the Azure Databricks history engine – a feature common to BI solutions across Microsoft SQL – to pull pull requests for paginated reports. Reports are currently live and can be retrieved either through Databricks or directly from the Azure Data Center. If you have questions or comments, feel free to reach out to us! Additionally, if you’re interested in discussing how you can enhance your solution with Azure analytics, please contact us. Keep in touch By like this article and take other upcoming blog posts, the Power BI blog posts by our team will continue to improve and evolve. In the meantime, if you like data science content, BlueGranite team members or practitioners can help with research and development. "
"29" "We recently reviewed Power BI, and three tenets stood out to us: Monitoring, Usage, and Loyalty Power BI allows report authors to quickly and easily assess the usage of data sources, without needing to dig through minutes-long dashboards. Additionally, Power BI is built on the Microsoft Enterprise Community's brand-new open-source Databricks SDKs. Finally, Power BI is supported on Intel processors with the Microsoft Visual Studio 2019 installation and the upcoming Microsoft Snow Leopard/MercOS version. To compare, we contrasted the performance of the same 3D model installed directly on the client's server, and the Power BI model on the BlueGranite client. The model was packaged in a self-hosted zip archive with both the model and the C# model for now. The 3D model is significantly faster; in both franching and ancillary tasks compared to the same product-built 3D version. While the differences are slight, we would not recommend purchasing the 3D version for the same (non-technical) reasons.  Power BI is integrated with your tenant in very near real-time, and we were able to use the existing Tooling.NET Desktop application to pull in real-time data from both the Databricks Runtime Runtime and the Power BI Runtime Service App. We were able to use the data for project planning, etc. Requests for 3D modeling, functionality, and report design were quickly routed quickly and easily to the Power BI Desktop application. In Azure, we were able to use the Azure portal to deploy Power BI Premium instances without having to purchase additional infrastructure. In our second tour of Azure, duplicated multiple 3D models were enabled in the portal, enabling us to use the Power BI Premium instances to directly connect to the Premium instances. This was ideal for requests for prototyping, reporting, and data preparation involving Gaussian Blob size and model construction. For more information about Azure, see our colleague Colby Ford's recent Power BI blog article about the availability of multiple Azure models for reports and sensor needs. In Colby’’“technology blog post about the upcoming Free Trial event, she details some additional details for working with Power BI Premium – including a special Packages category where users can install the Power BI Premium instance as an Azure model and gain access to all the features of Power BI Premium without having to spend time on the Premium Instance. Stay tuned for the next update as we illarally!
"30" "Azure Data Factory (ADF) is the largest analytics cloud by far, but it can also take many different forms. Circumstances, such as hype, are probably just as influential than business logic. This post will propose four methods for building an organization that saves on Azure Data Factory by using Harmony. These alternative solutions represent a holistic view of the business logic that supports ADF. I’d like to begin by focusing on just a few of the commonly used ones, then move on to illustrate another design pattern that combines logic and science. While it may seem obvious that the best answer for most business applications is to use frameworks such as Spark or Python if they have an analytics tool, those tools are only adequate if you have an analytics center of some kind. If, in the future, you have to sprintf burn while building an organization, having a data lake of your own is a necessity, and using a separate analytics tool for reporting would be a great place to put your data. But if you must rely on a data center for your reporting and data lake of choice, robustness is of the kind that never comes with a cloud. In the end, data lake and analytics are one.Harmony is an open-source project
