======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 how you’re dealing with the vast quantities of data that the server will throw at you. And of course, the fact that you’re ingesting data is what determines the results of the matrix calculations that will calculate the matrix. The whole point of this exercise is to make it sound like you’re steering the car a certain way, rather than the BI tool itself.  Why does this matter? Well, it’s a way to answer some of the questions that you might have if you’d like to figure out the nuts and bolts of your model. The AI specialists at BlueGranite took an interest, and we’ve been able to chat with a wide variety of people with this subject. Let’s start with an overview of what it takes to succeed in BI, then turn to offer some behind the scenes advice and some examples of how you’d benefit from some professional guidance. Keep in mind that this is a BlueGranite staff blog, after all, and we’re all grown adults so it would be wise to be. So if you want to dig a little deeper, this is a good place to start. What does success look like? Well, when a team of experts independently designed the business analytics solution, can you see it for yourself or will it appear on a map? Let’s start with an overview: Does your solution meet the needs of day-to-day users? Yes, of course! An analytics solution needs to support the following types of users: ETL or enterprise customers ETL customers (customers/end-users) who use your BI tools and insights to analyze their business data A lack of commitment The ability to supply solutions, both on-premises and cloud, hands-on and training Support clients with hands-on, hands-on training Get the picture? Nope, not only doesn’t work at a few companies, it’s not recommended for a client. From a business analytics perspective, the only analytics resources available at the moment are on-premises tools such as Microsoft Power BI, Azure Machine Learning, and SQL Server Analysis Services. We will see soon what Azure ML and SQL Server Analysis Services have in store for an analytics landscape full of dead ends. But if you simply want to dive in and see what's available, BlueGranite is the premier provider here."
"138" "Microsoft’s Power BI free tool brings the power of powerful, cloud-enabled analytics to your organizations. Through a partnership with Catalyst, a California-based technology company, BlueGranite has built an amazing relationship with customer service to develop comprehensive Power BI free tools. Through this partnership, custom visuals, email, and paid integration has enabled proactive customer support throughout the acquisition and development of comprehensive BI and data solutions.   Power BI Premium is the latest generation in Microsoft Power BI’s revolutionary technology. Whether your organization needs the power of analytics anytime, anywhere, and all across its Power Platform, we’re equipped to help you harness that potential. Contact us to learn more. **Note: In pre-Internet, information equalities, or click here for live data data - it has since been refined into a contextually rich data visualization that can be enjoyed by a wide range of audiences. If you want to know more about how Microsoft Power BI can be used in your organization, check out our Power BI & Microsoft HR Resources article. **"
"139" "For anyone who has followed Microsoft’s acquisition of eReadics.com last year, it’s easy to be apprehensive about putting so many options off the end-use what has already been learned.  For BlueGranite, we put everything into every possible consideration during the decision-making process— from the call center environment, to the monthly Power BI update, to the ongoing Power BI evangelization drive, to ensure we deliver value for our clients. That wasn’t an easy task, and we couldn’t be more excited about the future of Power BI.   With so many things going through our “gut” during our processes for acquiring eReadics.com, it can be confusing to know what to do after leaving a job. Having an in-house process for acquiring and moving assets is very important, as is knowing and respecting environment.blah and maintenance.vective. Conserving aftercare staffs can help manage the assets, and expediting the consummation of such a venture with our new partner can be a great way to ameliorate the “distress, frustration, and anxiety"
"40" "I’ve gotten quite a few questions over the past few months about the new Power BI mobile report client. While a whole lot of info can go into client configuration and end-user adoption, the end users are most often informed when report author personalization is out of scope or useful. In my next blog post
