======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 they was at 1/4 way up or 2/4 way up from when we first installed it. It was also at a lower level of performance that are the spinnerets we use to evaluate AI training scripts. Now, we’ll directly compare the spinneret performance to those of other text-based assets using our own figures and colors. We’ll start to see some interesting patterns here. The Spinneret Looks Great When installing the HDInsight HDP Suite, Microsoft does a pretty good job selling this product.  Its unique look and functionalities are very appealing.  Our only problem is that the dashboard we’re trying to sell has a lot of rows and columns that are not yet column-based. Let’s look at a more recent example. Microsoft offers three kinds of report models: semi-structured, semi-batch, and graphically designed.  Graphically designed models are those that serve as presentations, not final models.  Many graphically designed models have drillthrough instead of the .NET programming language, making them harder to use.  New graphically designed models are often a mess of code and components. They fall outside the scope of this blog post but will make an excellent reference for modeling behavior outside of the scope of this post.   Is your organization deploying Microsoft Power BI? BlueGranite offers hands-on, instructor-led training at your facility to help both business and IT teams adopt Microsoft Power BI for self-service business intelligence and analytics. Up to ten attendees will receive expert-led guidance through a complete set of hands-on labs and training modules. After the training, attendees will be able to acquire data, build data models, and create visualizations quickly and easily with Microsoft Power BI.  Click here to learn more.  "
"252" "Biml is the operating system for business intelligence. It is a domain specific language that describes BI artifacts: tables, SSAS databases, ETL, and more. The XML tag system provides for the expressiveness of the language, but the true power comes from the native ability to integrate .NET libraries in the generation of Biml objects. This is called BimlScript. The Biml script is implemented by extending Microsoft’s Data Factory and can be used to generate and parse Biml code. Biml is used in conjunction with other technologies to create native, interactive Biml objects. In interactive Biml code, different groups of people or processes can easily understand or write to data assets. As the numbers grow, .NET and .NET Core developers begin to use Biml to source .NET content for other applications or tasks. .NET Core developers who have worked in .NET Core include Microsoft, Image Factory, ImagePath, and more. Many of the .NET Core developers have used .NET Core to create interactive Biml scripts. .NET Core developers that have created .NET Core 3 include a Biml script written in .NET Core 1. This production script can easily be integrated into a main Processing Facility workstation.  BimlScript is where a developer will spend the majority of their time within the language. This abundant natural language information is then easily read and understood. This abundant natural language information is also easily read and understood when used in combination with Biml. Because .NET Core works in unison with other frameworks within the Microsoft ecosystem, this process of integrating .NET Framework, .NET Core .NET Core 2.0, or even .NET Core NUMA is easily managed within the framework. Because it is used with other natural languages within the Microsoft ecosystem, .NET Framework, and .NET Core have the ability to work in tandem with other languages. This natural language knowledge and understanding is unequally shared within the various languages used to describe this vast amount of natural data. Biml is also the language that delivers message content and controls interactions within the language. Because it is used together with other languages, it is easy to understand when combined with Biml. Because it is easily understood, executed, and controlled within the framework, it is one of the most flexible and familiar languages around. Because it is used together with other languages, it is easy to manage, and can easily be integrated into a single application. Because it is easily understood, understood, and understood, you can easily create a .NET Core project in a few hours. Because it is easily understood, handled, and understood, you can easily create a powerful Microsoft solution. Because it is easily understood, managed, and controlled, it can easily create a super powerful solution. Microsoft’s leader in the .NET Framework, presentant at the C#, and Scala 2017 conference, recently gave the Biml framework a try. The Biml framework is great for many reasons. The Biml framework creates a lightweight solution for data engineers and data scientists who would like to tackle a heavier workload with Azure SQL Data Warehouse. Biml
