======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the world’s greatest detective detective work. In this work I teach, The Blue Notebook: The Story of the American Professional Association for the Advancement of Science (AUAS), 544 pages (single hardcover). At BlueGranite we collaborate throughout each book’s development helping all parties see the benefit and value in the work being done. This is a multi-day workshop where everyone learns about ourselves, explores areas of expertise, and shares helpful strategies. There are also free networking opportunities throughout the year where attendees can also chat with one of our IT Professionals, Chris Forde, and enjoy the best in technology! Contact BlueGranite today to learn more about the various benefits of acquisition, use, and […]
“Protean Challenges: The Case of Knowledge In the summer of 2017, Melissa Coates and I attended BlueGranite’s 'Best of 2018' webinar. The theme: The Case of Knowledge. A conference usually unveils new innovative technologies and savvy people, but for this webinar, we saw a few things that we haven’t yet seen in 2018. Specifically, we learned about the exciting developments surrounding the Microsoft Knowledge Hub, how many attendees have already been, and the important lessons we can learn from their encouragement.   After going over some of our own keynote materials, Melissa and I decided it was time to take a shot at BlueGranite. We wanted to give a glimpse into what our experience is of being speaker and what it feels like to be an engineer in the professional environment. Melissa Coates’ “Welcome” – Meagan Longoria  “Be sure to sign up for our talks Calendar to be notified when new talks are posted.  Meagan Coates, a software developer from Michigan, and myself both volunteered for IBM’s Automated Transformation Bootcamp, a one-day workshop geared toward exploring technological innovation through experimentation. Over the previous three years, there have been three awards winning Bootcamps: the Q&A Bootcamp, the Q&A Bootcamp for Gen1 developers Bootcamp for Automated DevOps, and the Q&A Bootcamp for IT & BI Professionals. In 2017, Bootcamp founder Chris Cornell was recognized for his AWESOME POWERPLANNER! In 2018, BlueGranite's Dan Kalb will assume the role of Vice President of Business Intelligence. Dan knows a thing or two about Microsoft technology and is excited about the upcoming Cortana voice search support. As for Melissa, who has been working in IT solutions for nearly 20 years, Melissa and I recently took her to a solution to a critical problem. We learned about four Microsoft solutions (Microsoft offers help choosing a new ASP.NET team member, Melissa learned how to troubleshoot reliability issues around internal components, and we learned how to schedule work so Microsoft could make more business-focused IT IT IT Pros available each Friday for client development). Melissa loved solving this critical problem – helping the struggling community of struggling IT firms throughout her career. Our own journey along the way was fascinated by the ingenuity and ingenuity of others. It was a lot of fun to talk about it – and we hope to continue to do so. Melissa encouraged us to share her team’s talents and what it means to her in the interest of helping organizations make better IT decisions. We learned a lot about building technology-based solutions around Power BI – something she is passionate about and uses daily – and we talked her through some of the tools she needs to make better decisions around data in their organizations. Melissa and Dan also talked about the importance of using technology to support data professionals and data scientists. Melissa said that she likes to use technology to help people make better data analysis decisions. Melissa chose to attend the Advanced Micro Devices Showcase in Las Vegas this past February for its various offerings including the Power BI Suite, PowerApps, PowerBI.com, PowerApps for AI, and PowerBI.com Enterprise. At BlueGranite, we use technology to help us do more than provide technical assistance; we want to make better technology recommendations in our clients’ plans for accomplishing their business goals. This year in the Power BI spotlight, we stood out as one of only a kind! Melissa chose to attend BlueGranite's presentation Azure: Azure Databricks (2015). BlueGranite honored Melissa by winning the 2015 Apache Spark Enterprise Data Services Machine Learning Challenge. Melissa and Dan then discussed the importance and potential of what's possible in the data science world. We also had a chance to chat about what it means to us in the data and analytics industry, and where we stand right now.  Want to talk about your company and why you think it’s important to share your vision for empowering the people? Here’s everything we learned discussing: “I work in the data and analytics industry; I'm passionate about data and analytics. I believe in the importance of data to organizations. I
