======== SAMPLE 1 ========
MSIS or Azure SQL Database for your big data/Big Data solution.  A key aspect to consider with these tools is that they are all part of the same solution, so integration with other solutions may require additional time and money. When using a Polybase virtual machine and a Think Scale virtual machine, you can work with the former using SQL Server data engineers, while you can use the former to take advantage of Polybase.   This will be clear on relational database management solution (RDBMS) end. For data engineering, it really is a matter of preference.  Use a variety of cloud services, both physical and virtual, to work with your data. Some are built-in and provide customization, while others are used by external users only. The cloud service provider you choose really makes a difference in this area. The intangible quality of your data you are using on a continuous stream of data.    There are really only a couple of options for encapsulating the data inside of Polybase:    The cloud service provider you choose. Use Dynamic Loaders to disable specific data structures. Or use a shared data encapsulated with Polybase outside of Azure SQL Database or SQL Data Warehouse.    Cloud Storage Options Your virtual machines can be deployed on-premises or in the cloud. The difference in storage model between the two is primarily who makes the final decision on buying or licensing your infrastructure investment. It does not have to be this way; the cloud and warehouse are fundamentally the same, and anyone can use it. Regardless of the source architecture, Polybase is a great product for your prototyping effort. When it comes to evaluation, Polybase is overwhelmingly a winner. You will be hard-pressed to find a product that shows the level of adoption its value demands. Polybase Databricks allows you to execute Apache Spark and Hadoop natively on your infrastructure. This provides an end-to-end solution with built-in Internet connection networking, hot/cold/data V2 and Hadoop Data Refining, and a host of other capabilities. The choice of product represents an overwhelming majority of developers across the industry. Your decision will also allow for Polybase to become more widely available and accessible.  Your decision will also allow for Polybase to become more widely available with DAX questions ? Contact us today! "
"249" "There are endless ways to serve your community. From lending a whitepaper to helping to host your own student-led conference.  It's great for both organizations and participants to spend time reviewing and/or improving content on the web, and publishing balanced reading and documentation throughout the community. This isn't one of the more difficult tasks someone will do at a small college, but throughout their college years they will spend a lot of time learning and chewing up valuable time. This is a industry that is not conducive to having a healthy, positive user experience. What can you do to try and keep students occupied? How can you try and make sure that they enjoy your whitepaper? There are two approaches to dealing with this volume right now. You can either deploy a whitepaper directly to your organization, or you can embed one into a website. The website would have to be up and running by now, so if you don't have resources available, the website could be removed or you could create a task in the website to take a screenshot of the content or the status. While the website doesn't have to be running, it needs to be flexible and can potentially be built in a custom website. As you can see below, the two approaches are not complete without the website providing choices for what to show and how.  One way is to think of the whitepaper as a tool that is appointed by the page owner. When you add questions to the whitepaper, moves, and content selections, there is a predetermined interval in which you want to ask questions about that content or report what you are asked to find information about a question.  This is awesome so that you can have questions and answers whenever you want, but there are some questions that you should be asking yourself earlier:  Are there clear lines of credit and/or direction for what you will ask at your company?  Is there a clear line of communication between the department, company, and Power BI service? Is there a clear line of agreement and direction for what you will be providing to others? Are there clear, standard table format lines of communication? Is there a clear line for staff and volunteers to talk to them about it? Is there one that is specific to your company? Do you have a clear line for staff and volunteers to reach out to them through IT? It seems that there are a lot of open questions and open posts on both the Power BI Service and Power BI Desktop. If you have additional information, or are willing to pass along your own, please contact us.  As you are preparing your whitepaper, we recorded a video survey where we discussed some of the choices we had
