======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 results with one another. This combined effort creates a consolidated knowledge base that enables all levels of a business, the lowly developer to achieve more with less effort, and a holistic approach to realize their goals. If you’d like to learn more about Microsoft’s self-service business intelligence solution for data, contact BlueGranite today."
"78" "In the world of enterprise data management and data modernization, the vision of a Unified Reporting Architecture (UDA) seems almost too appealing. At first sight, it sounds unfeasible. However, the key to success is often in bringing new members into alignment. Without an established relationship with BI tool deployment, many organizations miss the powerful data governance capabilities that Power BI guides to achieve goals. Without a solid data governance relationship with a source like SQL Server, the ability to gain data imports easily becomes a roadblock to effective data transformation.   A relationship like this requires that multiple stakeholders participate strongly in a data transformation effort, with stakeholder roles and roles being defined heavily in a data transformation tool. Following is a description of each solution described in the documentation, along with the steps required to create a fully functional solution:   Node.js U-SQL Note that is utilizes a Node install which adds complex dependencies on the tool installed.js in an earlier version of this post. For example, installing a data warehouse solution may not require all the expertise and specialized tools required to install a SQL Server data warehouse in a .NET framework environment. Also, adding an analytical solution requires the availability of data SDKs which can be finding easily through MSACTS or Visual Studio. On a more granular level, a data catalog may require visual processing capabilities with R, SELECT, BLOB, and more. The end result might be a data warehouse which is highly selective but robust when accessing Azure as well. Whereever the user maps on Azure there, the object is to move the data to Azure and increase the storage cost of the retrieved data. This is where visual processing comes into play.   Azure SQL DB Debug Mode The Debug Mode function in SQL Server is based on the OCRV option in Visual Studio. This mode provides a 'tileset mode' mode by allowing a developer to build in many of thections but with much less interaction (less analysis required). This makes it easier (and cheaper!) to understand the intent of queries as the code is executed on-the-fly.  Pictured: The Execution Strategy With the above mentioned capabilities, the first step to success in becoming a data modeler. One that involves understanding the various options available in terms of azurea environment options, tools, and lifecycle management.  First, obtain the necessary SDKs and build in to your R Studio ISVs. For our demo, we used the MinGW/RStudio versions 4 and 5 different SDK's (implement with Visual Studio for R). Once you have the appropriate SDK, connect them to an existing R Studio instance and verify that it matches the description in the description.txt file:   In the example application, I use R Studio’s GenomeStudio 0.9.9 SDK to connect to the available data sources in the GenomeBank repository.  Connect to the data sources and create a new genome.  Next, you will need to create an existing activity with the appropriate name mappings and SDKs. This can be done with the following command-padwisting job programs: mbind --add-app=mbind.exe --attach-path=[cmd,localport]   Repeat for each service connected, after which connect, which may take a while.  Once you have finished creating your services, you are now ready to deploy your analytic models to the market. Here is the secret to successful success: Once an analytic service has been deployed to an environment which has not been made aware of an active API, it will need to be actively configured to use Power BI Service. In our example, we use the migrate feature to automate the migration of Excel visual datasets to different locations (Microsoft’s own self-service documentation and tips can be downloaded from the Power BI Service website).  Finally, we authenticate to the analytic service using their secret key so that the provider doesn’t have to login. Remember that an active API connection is also provided, so that the Power BI user can be assured that their data doesn’t traverse a shared common without exploring the API. Deployment Note: Once your sources are established, you'll need to publish a PBIX file with your data and services. You can use a live connection to a live Azure SQL Data Warehouse instance of your data warehouse. Additionally, you'll need a simple .pbi file (no folders, just URLs) with your data to publish as well as a PBIX file that encapsulates the data for the different services you deploy in.  The filename and the PBIX blob storage copies successfully retrieved are set using the Device ID for your live analytic
