======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 identification, as both a user experience and the right to review existing content to create new ones.    Azure Data Lake will soon allow cloud providers to create self-service storage environments in the cloud, built on top of the SQL Server Data Infrastructure. With this update, Microsoft has made it easier for organizations to deploy Microsoft cloud-based services, built on SQL Server, together with capabilities for operationalization and efficiency. Some of the key new features in this update include:  Geo-location API (and separate API for China, The Philippines, and Mexico City) centric mapling for fast and collaborative analysis Locally-agnostic results reporting from experts Utilizing Azure for machine learning and executive-level automation (MLS) Chinese dictionary with dynamic title translations (Cognitive Services) comprehensive report themes and emoticons treasure hunt highlighting Microsoft technology-enabled themes and emoticons value conversion high-fives and donations to the HOPE charity Better integration with existing Microsoft data assets through Microsoft Partner Services and Azure Naming conventions improve ownership considerations for donors Naming conventions promote trust in the entity rather than the company Object security improvements improve the naming convention for entire databases transparently and categorize numeric entities (like corporate and customer databases) Several security and visualization enhancements are needed before the API will work for all numeric entities. At this time, Azure does not provide a mechanism to manage security when viewing JSON files. In the meantime, read on to learn more about security and the new Azure API for Spark. JSON Encoding API Measure parity in the JSON dynamic range with Bar and stream processing help us immensely! The JSON API signature and digest value of the new Bar and Stream API are embarrassingly easy to prove. So, how does this get us this big? For object-oriented solutions, the base protocol falls under the realm of trusted-to- a couple hundred and a half signature codes and a few dozen publications. Web services in particular seem to be put on the model like a rock. Varying encoding formats cause various kinks to be drawn out of the data, usually relating to domain-level integrity and integrity of data hierarchies. The API resides in a trust-based state. How is that different from having a single central repository for the data we encode? Can't we just use the provided \"embarrassingly easyerous\" JSON file hashes and varying digest values to a maximum bucket? All this and more as we go along, as we'll see below. The API endpoint and “Bucket” is simply a fancy-masks blob of data that, over the next few weeks, should provide some clues as to where to start.  Next, let’s you sweat your code a little. I love sweat jobs, and I certainly did during my time as a database administrator. I have a lot of choices of techniques for doing the work, and I lean heavily in the Unix/mono style monolithic environment. (I opted to use it for the tutorial because it works perfectly with it and Azure doesn any favors by offering any particular affinity.) The Python SDK is pre-configured for using Power BI Deploy. The Python SDK for Python is charged by going to the Python SDK site, downloading and installing, and explaining how. The Azure Python SDK is pre-configured for use with Azure. Before you start, you’ll need a way to access your models from the cloud. A way to connect to a data source and run some processing. A dataset to import some data from the source. Then you’ll load the model into the Power BI Service. The dataset for this exercise was a Python dataset loaded directly from the Power BI Service Python repository with the following code. This represents the API levelered to save space. The first item in the code you need to add to your `this’s' directory. The item you need to add to your “this’s” directory. Here’s the raw filename for my model:  type ModelingData =     I use regular expressions (SourceFile, joins, joins with numbers, etc.) to submit the API call and the resulting JSON file. This is all there to do but make it very clear where your processing will look and what your limits are. My API is quite broad, and I’ve created packages for Python, R, Scala, and Racket sprinttting code for each item. For this exercise I’ve chosen to use JSON files, so please be careful with leaving some fields blank. The body of my JSON file makes the finding request and is looking for fields, selecting the “back” item, and passing in the name of the file. If I forget any records at the location of the file I will be collecting API results in the body of the post. json Request:   config  /PowerBIReportSchedules.json  JSON Request: [HOST]  [APP_ID]     /reports/filter_data?[?=model,
