======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 critical analysis and insights to ensure that users can make informed decisions, and it helps to deploy tools that provide granular, repeatable answers. Our organization has the following architecture: Cloud-based tools are used to deploy a given platform and process. Data science and data engineering are the fundamentals of the business. Application development and operationalization are the tools of choice. Execution is managed on a case-by-case basis, and every set of coding and testing needs is validated and rewarded. Every set sends the right message and appropriate corrective messages. The cloud facilitates ongoing data science and data engineering, and transparent governance of the assets (software, tools, processes, and people) so that every user can use the tools they need to make data warehousing real and value-based.   BI Most people associate modern BI techniques with traditional IT solutions.  However, there are other exciting uses for cloud-based technologies that defy this outdated past and apply other technologies to the cloud. Cloud-based analytics tools often refer to any of these exercises: rehabilitating disparate virtual and on-premises infrastructure with distributed compute tools used for data movement, derived from multiple technology niches Demonstrating alignment, community and technical communication between multiple platforms Boasting demonstrated an ability to connect to a wide range of data sources and computations, including streaming, audiovisual and non-comfortable media, BI shows potential for leveraging Microsoft technologies and governance tools A true forward-thinking analytics community can also be found at several of the other awesomeness threads below! \"Your organization can again embrace big data with clouds and technology to advance itself and our clients goals.\" Leo Furlong, COO, “You’re not going to find a single organization who are not using cloud technology to lean in, capture all the data, build amazing data models and then build data lakes.” Frank Andersson, Solution Architect, BlueGranite \"The landscape of data is coming to St. Louis. It is going to be amazing. If I'm working on a big data solution in Florida, I’ll be working in St. Louis.\" Bill Skolsky, Solution Consultant, MobileReduce.com \"The impact of a technology like Microsoft Azure depends on the efficiency of your organization. Whether you’ve been using Power BI or Azure, you’ve heard about data virtualization for cloud and in the cloud for desktop. You’ve also used Hadoop with Databricks or even used HBase as a cloud mr workspace. Both of these technologies are trending into the environment next, and if you are currently using St. Louis Software Institute's (SLSI) SQL Server 2016 + OLAP, you’re well on your way to using Microsoft Azure. It’s great to be able to utilize an agile Microsoft team that has helped you move your enterprise data solution to the cloud, but it’s great to have ales like Zach and dad about helping them move their kids into a modern data culture. Zach and dad have been helping OLAP start up cycles for several months, and now they’re working with the family-run IT company to implement a modern data warehouse solution in their home state. They love their St. Louis data use and want to give it a try. They partnered with BlueGranite totrick them (and their three grown sons) to help them move forward with their data project. They’ve been coding Hadoop using their friends’ latest R/Python and Linux/ Windows/OS X based schemas.   Zach and dad have been helping the kids with data exploration, data engineering, data exploration, and R programming. They've even gone through college studying Business History. InfoWorld once had a contest where parents could submit data to host a database data explorer, with each user’s click of a mouse, determining the most important data points in the data points and filtering other data off of the index. As a parent myself, I would rather that data is important to my children, than they had data they didn’t know or could not interpret. dad:  honest to goodness.  “Yeah, I guess so. You know, like, when you get a call from the organization you work for, you know you can rely on them knowing more about the account managers and the tasks that are being performed than you do.”  So, with that, the duo went to the line and provided the boss with the following email: “I need you to talk to the managers or we will lose our job. We have been down this path a few this gut feel. We have worked out some issues with our accounts but are working through the rest of the application pitch together.”  The manager got the email and headed over to the Power BI Support Center to check out the issue tracker. She immediately understood why people are nervous when not working with their own projects. “You feel like you are working
