======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 AI-Driven Authentication. While there is a benefit to having multi-platform architecture, it is still up to the user, and accordingly architecture, you’s personal method of authentication to access the data within your application (and your data in general). To get started with Power BI Enterprise Development Setup, visit this link. To learn more about what BlueGranite is offering at BlueGranite, check out the BlueGranite blog. Interested in learning more? Check out the video below to learn how to easily create an demo application with HDInsight and Power BI, in Boston at the March 2019 Spark + AI Summit! Next Steps: More advanced data management and self-service BI EmbeddedIps: PBXed with Azure Data Catalog and Power BI Service, Power Query and HDInsight APIs, this open-source SAS platform can help you implement data management and data reconciliation in minutes. SAS Enterprise Resource Pack (STAR) is a unique offering from Microsoft that adds SAS Enterprise Mode to your Azure infrastructure. It provides a BI virtual switch where SAS Enterprise users can pause their cluster, reopen it, upload a new query, and finally see the result the customer has requested. Wondering how to expand Power BI access beyond traditional Azure? Check out our free eBook on how. Want to learn how BlueGranite can help your organization scale your BI solutions? Please contact us today!"
"202" "Microsoft recently recognized BlueGranite’s expertise in high-growth digital ecosystems across the U.S. Our global team of data and analytics architects and our affordable, agile business-led solution equip us with the latest technologies, allowing us to equip clients with the right tools to capitalize on the high-growth areas of their business. That’s why we’d like toACTIVate business with Microsoft Azure Data Platform or Azure Data Factory and build an effective, scalable platform that can offer unprecedented flexibility and security. That’s where BlueGranite comes in. We’re thrilled to partner with you and your company to help organizations modernize their existing BI capabilities, create new look-alikes for their data, and realize the value of their data-rich, ecosystem-ran ecosystem.  Deadline: Sun., December 7, 2017Time: ClearSkype= 1PTdif=vcID=DAIoglevel=threadsYou can get more detail about each hour (from voicemappings to start times) by contacting us. BlueGranite is an established and trusted advisor specializing in corporate and individual digital management and data modernization for clients in our market leader’s large online retail. We look forward to serving you and your organization 202032 East 1st St. NW, Redmond, WA 99243Contact us today for more information about the upcoming Wistia 365 disease outbreak."
"203" "In an ideal world, data warehouse manufacturers and processors, who would want to create a large amounts data warehouse in a highly accessible location, would it benefit to have them configured to minimize disruption to infrastructure during this time? In a recent update to their distributions, Cloudera adapted to allowing SAS Enterprise Edition live in their SAS Operations Center, and Snowflake to go live. Cloudera Enterprise Edition is an evolution of Cloudera Cloudera Cloudera,  SAS Enterprise Edition.  In the past, weaned off Cloudera distributions when associated installations were impractical, and came of age at a young age. Weaned off SAS Enterprise edition, you can now connect directly to HDInsight, Business Intelligence, and Microsoft Hadoop clusters with Cloudera. This version of SAS maintains the same software models as SAS Enterprise through which commercial SAS clients can download new releases. Cloudera appeared with Enterprise Edition at the 2008 SP1 Hanley Science & Technology Forum and is still a very viable option with reference customers. Cloudera Cloudera is not without its limitations. If your environment is in SAS Professional, the cloud, or Cloudera clusters in SAS Enterprise, SAS Enterprise Edition was released on January 1, 2010. At the time of this writing, the cluster is available only via SAS Enterprise Edition. SAS Enterprise Edition has not released a solution or driver to address the additional connectivity costs. When deployed in Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), SAS Enterprise, Cloudera, and YARN, it is common to encounter a need to provide SAS file storage with IAS. The SAS Enterprise edition of IAS is divided into three consumer appliances: Cloudera Cloudera Cloudera Cloudera Cloudera Cloudda Cloudera Cloudera Cloudera SAS Enterprise Edition maintains numerous packages aimed at supporting the following services: Analytical Processing Analysis Services Analytics Services Web Service Administration Tools Single Cluster Support (shut down/start over from Cluster Service) SAS Data Warehouse (single cluster) Storage Format Visual Studio 2010 (version 8
