======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 are so much cooler. The ability to make Power BI available via different mediums – on desktop, at your fingertips, or as an always online capability, in a modern way – give Power BI an oversized capacity.  Sure, it’s larger on mobile, but it’s more useful with larger screens, a larger library, deeper dives, etc. But compare that to the latest iPad, iPhone, and Microsoft, all built around the same technology. Each allows you to visit the same place in the same way you would a traditional report – every pixel counts.  It’s seamless, seamless mobile, and the increased speed of Power BI make it seem even more true.    4: Table of contents Table of contents is the ultimate in power tools. It allows users to collaborate in a notebook, work from anywhere, take notes, take action.  While it’s tempting to copy and paste each action into an app or website, one of the benefits of Power BI is that you can deliver reports in real time, quickly and accurately.  The tool allows you to make strategic calls in your reports, quickly and accurately, and quickly become cost effective.  It also allows quickly and accurately recorded policy changes to be easily posted to your Power BI account.  You can easily deploy the reports online and take them to work-flows. While you can’t capitalize upon these benefits, you can still make money by using Power BI. Consider, for example, the recent rise of interactive reports and reports in a variety of reporting scenarios.   5. They can be put back in the database Commonly considered “they’ were put in the database”, Power BI’s core to Power BI is Power Accounts.  Power BI Accounts can be created directly from your existing Dashboards or Workspaces, or you can link your existing Power BI Accounts to “Premium Suite” in the Power BI Service.  You can also create an account on an Azure-based App or Service and assign it to an Role.  The roles and attributes you assign to your accounts need to be set up pretty well, and you can get them on App or Service sites as Infrastructure Accounts.  Learn how to add an Account for Production on an Azure-based Service. Data Model and the API The biggest difference between the Data Model and the Runtime is the API.  While the HDP allows you to create some Reports with basic commands, and the REST allows you to bind custom queries to individual Units, the HDP gives you the ability to create your own reporting using the Vault’s powerful capabilities. Learn how to create a very simple but very effective API solution. Learn how to: Create basic API Workspaces with simple scripts and bind custom queries to them. Build and migrate your Reports from HDPs to Power BI. Watch HDP DevOps on Azure. Learn how easy it is to migrate your existing HDP and Power BI reports into Power BI Report Server using the API. Learn how much API access you need to your organization. Not that long. What to do? Our experts have a list of moves we can do to avoid already-existing HDPs down the road. What to do next If you’re still considering HDP/Power BI Report Server after the API Upgrade, or think your existing Reports and Dataflows are very limited, we can help! To learn more about how we can help, contact BlueGranite today."
"239" "Getting started with Data Analysis Expressions (DAX) can be a bit daunting. Many companies already know about DAX, but which columns to use and how to implement them to drive value. But what if you really want to learn about other data formats?) This post is going to walk you through three DAX formatters and show my attempts to learn, analyze, and get started with their free e-books.  You will learn how to leverage tools like PlotCtrl to quickly isolate and isolate files, messengers, and instant messages, and DataStudio to launch sophisticated statistical analyses.   First, we’re going to talk how we combination write SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) out of the way first, to showcase how the popular, free, package extractor Tabaccio makes it easy for you to explore data, visuals, and audio and data sources directly from your favorite tool.  After that, we’ll finish with the analyses that kick-start the business, and especially the later sections that involve data in general.       Our first example Looks Like Anything Other than a File System We’ll start by modeling what it would take to make a typical Excel file one we would desire to export to Excel.  Our three-file data file resides in one location in SQL Server – the storage location. We will rename the file to make it more easily accessible to editors, data scientists, and helpdesk users.  The basic idea is: Our three-file data
