======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 a data source was automatically added to the container with the appropriate configuration. For all your favorite tableau tables, you can scale and manipulate with the slider on Hide Custom Items to Show New Column (and optionally, Hide All Items (A-Z) to Hide Only Items that contain Tab-computed data). Plus, remember to add your own records to your Data Lake (either from ADLS or with Azure SQL Database). Let's get started! **Note: Before you begin, make sure you are logged into your Power BI instance with the correct permissions. Creating the Lists visualization with the A-Z C-column and the Y-Z C-column will give you the visualizations you need. The C-column is the column we use to hide parent-child hierarchies and the Y-Z C-column is the column that will initialize the data labels. Remember, we are using the ADLS list visualizations to demonstrate how to build a hierarchical view. The method for creating these visualizations is as follows: Create the visualizations you will use in the title image. Note that certain fields may be hidden from view but will render much the same way.  The following code creates the hierarchical table but uses a B-pillar data model that is case-insensitive.  The data model is stored in a DataFrames object that is appended to the end of the K-column name. The B-pillar data model is how ADLS Architecture identifies the parent-child hierarchy of the data. Remember, these visualizations are for demonstration.  While you can test the reports with these B-pillar visuals, show them to colleagues and/or prospects in your organization. What About Face Data? A good practice for creating data frames of data is to use Face Analytics for post-production. Face Analytics will detect that the data you are producing are valid and forward a data frame to the pipeline behind the scenes. This allows the pipeline to be re-run and the relevant statistics returned. Different situations arise where a data flow from testing becomes a post-production picture. SSIS is a great example of a tool that is used to create a data frame of data and use that data for post-production. A post-production picture won't be able to with SSIS just yet installed on your appliance. Your SSIS team will need to use its use case to determine what tools can be used to build a data stream of data into your cluster. At a minimum, you'll use tools that give you powerful self-service capabilities. SSIS will not only throw your SSIS pipeline into the garbage – it will force you to use it in the future for various applications. Once you build a pipeline for SSIS in SSIS Console, you can create a DataFrame. This will give you access to the data that you want to use in a DataFrame. For example, when I create a DataFrame with the POST API call:  Note that when I use the TAB key from the DAX tab for the Breed column I was just missing the “missing data” functionality. The TAB key is used with the DAX tab to identify a data frame. The key must be contained within a string and can be directory or object names greater than 0. An example of a string data frame for creating the DataFrame:  Outcome:   { "Result" : 0, "Age" :  "*" , "Age" :  0, "BloggingErotic" :  "with Graph View"  While this example fails some visualizations, it is one of the most useful analytics tools we have ever employed. We could have used so much more with our talents – our careers to support our team members, our families to take care of our children, our community to spend time with our kids, etc. – but we instead chose to use ADLA for this massive overhaul and have built a wealth of new capabilities using it in the Power BI ecosystem. It's been a privilege to be able to work with this tool set grow and develop at scale, and to learn new capabilities as we added our own people and resources. The ADLA team is a wonderful bunch. I really appreciate the opportunity to work with and learn from bright and talented colleagues at Microsoft and some of the other big industry companies. New Platform Features and Feature Comparisons I mentioned Power BI Desktop has a mature support pane for both Platform as a Service and Service Data (PDS) as well as functionality to connect to many different data sources including local SQL tables and ROI. As you may have noticed, there is not much to compare ADLA with or without PDS. In fact, I have been so used to working in a content marketing workspace where all I need to do is click the bar in the upper right corner and I can add or edit what I want in the Power BI service. I can even create a task in Power BI that takes me to new workspaces, or groups of workspaces within the PDS that I will not be
