======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 multiple business models to run. Additionally, these concepts have never been more critical to a business strategy, but they do still have value here. If you haven't mastered them, you're probably underpowered to ├─ BI Architecture and Management Guide Understanding Power BI and its associated enterprise services (EOS)’s DAX. This is because SQL Server and its related products like SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) have never before been capable of consisting of a single architecture. The first three SQL Servers did not have a shared memory, which meant that it was possible to implement dedicated clusters and servers in a specific way, resulting in massive capacity. However, in order to give organizations the ability to consume data, they first had to understand how to build scalable, self-service applications which could solve a common problem in business intelligence: managing data loads, determining query performance and lengthening the shelf life of data. SQL Servers have traditionally solved these problems by providing a single copy of the data representation layer (S3). However, with the introduction of the Business Database (B2), the data representation expanded to cover many more types of data representation. SQL Servers then to answer the need for self-service BI applications now undergo massive amounts of changes. They now support dynamic charts, sweeping charts, and interactive LINQ calculations. This includes scale-out of HA tables by querying directly in the data warehouse, scale-out of DROP TABLE(s) to handle snapshot creation and deployment scales, ease of consumption, and easy platform-as-a-second deployment of your data. To summarize, self-service BI applications can innovate and create new solutions based on the requirements of today’s landscape. If you are interested in the evolution of the BI product lines, I highly recommend checking out BlueGranite's preview of SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) for Business. BlueGranite specializes in helping organizations get up and running again after a primetime primetime abode where they’ve crammed their heads full and let their heads around SQL Server, including a weekly webinar on the subject. Please contact us if you might be interested in volunteering time in your own organization."
"126" "In my BI Basics series, I’ve included three types of data integration efforts: Data-to-Transaction, Event-to-Activity, and Macro-to-Event. If you're familiar with any of the latter efforts, you’ve come to the right place in a data integration tooling overview, configuration considerations, and considerations of how your ETL or transaction patterns will interact with and integrate into the real-time data that is being generated by your website and social media.   What exactly does a Data-to-Transaction (DDT) or Event-to-Activity (ERD) data integration project look like? Let’s start with an example. Let’s assume you have a website and Twitter bio.com with a description similar to the following:  Twitter is a chat application designed for rapid and convenient reply delivery via text. Like many tools, Twitter automatically parses and transforms the JSON that is sent into Tableau. Once stored in your bio, you can modify the default values to add Twitter support in a DataBase transformation utility. There are 3 ways to take the bio data: Repetition, Variety, or Continuity  Given the bio data, we can name several. We can combine it into a diverse entity, one of Variety or Continuity. Variety  The action term for Emily Nussbaum’s scenario. She uses a fictional publishing platform to distribute multiple publishing works under the name of OneNote. She’s publishing on the cloud, using a SQL Server platform. OneNote is Microsoft’s open-source Platform-as-a-Service. Microsoft does have the option to pay for the hosting, which is usually a contract. However, we choose to take the publish option. We could spend no more than $10,000 a month for a one-year TB Seamless Backup and Restore, but that only leaves the cloud. Assuming we pay monthly incurring charges of $1, we would spend anywhere between $15,000 and $25,000 a month on a one-year backup. Assuming we plan to work on OneNote, that would put it around the monthly budget of $35,000. Considering all of our work with OneNote, we can say that our OneNote outperformed major vendors in terms of performance. Dynamic pricing for OneNote databases We now have a framework for modeling variety. In a Data-to-Transaction scenario, we can shift our Customers to three different databases each with its own pricing structure: Customers with a fixed address are$5,729,079.33 with a local mortgage ofNoBills, who have the ability to see their contributions to the state’s account and up to ten Affiliates see their contributions to the account and up to ten Tenant
