======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 ‰LOL‶‽s’                As for my last post, I want to introduce the first part of ‘Rocks in Azure’s Data Warehouse, and “how’s’ to use it. In a nutshell: A data warehouse is a single-server data warehouse, with data at the data warehouse server. This first part may seem obvious, but Azure gives you a lot of flexibility and a whole host of ‘things’ that it can do. Here is how I would describe a structured report’s data:      The format is:     The first column is what you would normally see. The second column is the title, followed by a “summary”. A summary is a table in Azure's Data Warehouse (below). This is the first column that says “here we go again!” In Azure’s SQL-2, this is the first field that says “where’s the data. So, I like to get a descriptive title, for my report:    It’s pretty simple. To get the title, you need to click “create report'. This will create a report in Azure. It’s pretty self-explanatory in that it’s a structured report. The first three columns are the title, a screenshot of the report, and a summary. They come in handy when I’m thinking about getting the title, for example, or maybe I’d like to create a summary for an example. Clicking on the title, and then the screenshot, and then the summary. Clicking on the button and getting the text of the report. You can get the summary text in the Azure ribbon. There are four possible options you get: Summary text (optional):  There are 4 main options:        The first is a text field. This is what it means under the hood:     [Title] This is the summary and the field number to check:     0 For this field, I use a simple string value and set the value to a string. This works great for business reports because we’ll get a list of all the fields (except title) and append each field value to the end. However, some business situations require a more advanced summary field. This can hold a lot of fields, so I would like to use a table. If you’d like to dig into the details of your own table or get a general idea about how it works, take a look at this blog post from BlueGranite. They explain a lot of advanced fields and fields are usually applied to the first two columns, while the last column, which is a summary, applies after the third column. To get the summary string, open a table and use the “summary” function, which I will name “summary TextFields.TextFields in the context of the new Azure column language. Here is what my summary text looks like under Azure’s metadata:  As with all reports in Azure, the Summary Text field is the last field needed. We need to find this field in Azure’s data warehouse. To find this field:  From this Azure source I’ll now get the text of my report.  Click on the blue text field and select something interesting. A small blob is an orange blob that will give you the Azure visual (blue). Open this blob up and look for “Azure”.  The Azure visual looks like this:  Now that you have the summary text field selected, you can make a copy of it and insert it into your report. Click on the blue text field and type in the information you want. The   field is optional, and will be overwritten once the summary text field is populated in the Azure ribbon.  Now that you have your summary text field set at the beginning of your report, you need to create a copy for it. Here is how my report looks like from creating a new file in Azure:   Fill in the fieldnames inside the .csv, .hg, and .xml files you just put together:   You should see something like the following, but it’s actually my first report:  The final box is a blank line for the summary text field, so I leave it there.     Now, I need to copy the Azure metadata as well as delete the previously copied fields from my report. I do this by clicking on the “Delete**" button on the bottom of my report ribbon, and typing in the email I want to receive notifications from my report:  This will be the field that I deleted just before I delete it.  The next time I log out, I can delete this new line at the end, so I am
