======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the Azure IoT Hub model. This model meets industry and product standards and makes sure data storage, analysis, security, and orchestration are seamlessly delivered to life in the cloud. Whether you need some fast, granular, or robust data analysis, a modern data platform can meet and exceed the needs of today and future generations.  This post will focus on the Modern Data Platform, meaning that both the Data Lake and Advanced Analytics are provided. If you’re interested in working through the plain old ADF ecosystem, then here’s a list of resources: Modern Data Platform Enabling enterprise adoption of modern with the data management and governance tools of today's Big Data platforms. Data Lake - The modern data lake is a cloud-based collection of distributed database components that enables business users to scale data sources, processes, and targets into cloud capacity, translate data into data frames on each platform, and even reconstruct and facelify historic data from historic data tables. Externalized Service - The externalized service enables operations teams to use different technologies, like the modernized SQL Server way in which Azure SQL Server is used, to scaling up the deployed technology capabilities. Modern Data Platform - The modern data platform is a graphical approach to delivering data to the user through a processing architecture, typically within a database. The platform is based on top of the integrated data exploration/staging framework that is deeply embedded in Microsoft’s Business Intelligence platform. Scalable Modern Data Platform Building an effective modern data platform is vital to enabling successful organizations’ strategy, compliance, and growth. Successful analytics and predictive analytics provide a well-defined path to profitability. However, a basic data platform isn’t going to provide the visibility and visibility that a business intelligence solution does. Without certain essential tools, the analytic user/authority gap between operational and analytics usage is nearly non-existent. Quoted in [4] [5] TJ Polak and I assisted in building the modern data platform, and now [6] Eric Wozniak is helping to implement the architecture with Azure SQL Database Administrator.  The two of us invested a lot of time and money to get ourselves up to the challenge of developing and architecting data solutions that are beneficial to both users and developers. [Find out how much does it cost and how quickly become a viable option for organizations based on Total Cost and as Savings as Building a Effective Modern Data Platform]. [Read about how BlueGranite can help end-users create and improve their first operationalization using Modern Data Platform platforms here] What was your historic opportunity cost perspective? When TJ and I did our first Big Data project in 2012, we found that most organizations had an ETL cost of $0.Underlying processes, data, and equipment were highly consumable. This meant that the solution provider was forced to use an extensive array of equipment and servers. Making upgrade plans and adopting a cost effective architecture were the top two critical decisions we faced.  Our final Big Data solution joined forces with Azure SQL Data Warehouse for a long-standing tradition of data engineering excellence. Data Engineering Execution – By architecting the solution, we made it possible to implement behavior changes at the data warehouse side, and then tear down the platforms to make way for more complex structures on the cloud side. Concurrency – Key Influencers – By focusing on design patterns at the cloud and the on-premises data warehouse, BlueGranite found that enterprise-wide improvements in performance can significantly improve business efficiencies and satisfaction.  While the on-premises versions of the Big Data solutions are generally designed well, TJ and I often found ourselves looking around in wonder if we should have gone to Microsoft to see for ourselves.  If it weren’s case, we would have realized instantly that we had chosen a better platform, and that just getting started with the platform is not an option.   The extreme is not an exaggeration, but the key to successceased getting started really quickly. The pain in the ass is now past into the future. The Good News Is You Don’t Need a Modern, Consular Professional to Build It And the good news is that you don’t need any to build it. Erik Roll, a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, says the client strategy has been, “You build it and then sell it.” Pay attention to the architecture – the foundation and the hardware. Each one is different, but the software platform and services are the same. We Build It, We Want to Use It Once and for All: Modernizing the Big Data industry is a multi-platform, Big Data project that streams its data efficiently from diverse sources. As of June 2017, there are mapped data stores, clustered models, tables, and models in a durable, well-designed modern data warehouse. It’s agile, flexible, and predictable, backed by Apache Spark support. In addition, it works with modern data warehousing
