======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 ID-based authentication to ensure that customers can view, update, and delete reports and information from within the Power BI service. This requires that your reports and information include both Power BI’s built-in content providers and your end users’ data sources, which can be a bit of a challenge. The Power BI service has a built-in, but optional, security token that those who can log in can use to gain access to the Power BI Service.   As part of our whitepaper, we are going to walk through installing Azure Active Directory PUBSTRING. You may have noticed that in the demo video, we use the Power BI Service as our gateway to the Azure portal. The sample directory structure in Power BI is quite simple because we are using the Power BI service as our source when connecting to customers. Let’s take a look at how easy it is to implement this architecture using Azure AD inventory. While we’ve set up our Power BI gateway and users, we can log in using our tenant credentials and create new reports within our tenant using the Power BI service. Azure AD Lifecycle In terms of the Azure AD Lifecycle, let’s focus on the Power BI service and not worry about the rest of the architecture. For the purpose of this whitepaper, we will not touch the REST APIs. If you need help with the REST APIs, please feel free to email support[at]uron.spacebucks. We will be happy to help. One of our customers recently invited us to join their organization’s Modern Data Architecture Meet our Team and Find A Solution. We Worked With Microsoft The Modern Data Architecture is an ongoing challenge for many organizations across the country. Our team and practice gave us the opportunity to work with a wide range of vendors, to help them address their customers’ challenges. We chose the Modern Data Architecture (ODA) for its ease of integration and potential to simplify management’s work, ease of deployment, and flexibility to invest in new solutions. We designed solutions that helped help our customers quickly gain insight and gain insights into their data. Learn more about our Architectures of the Four Dimensions architecture.   The sample architecture is available at Architecture:PDF to download a complete working implementation. Here, we used a SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) notebook to quickly go over each of the three main components – Reports, Data, and SQL. Our implementation was then saved in Power BI Service Premium capacity, so that we could analyze it later.   After downloading the report and Data component, we used the PDF template to create a walkthrough of each component. For this demo, we’ll use images as our visuals as we’ll be deploying to clients, rather than following the typical Power BI Desktop template. We’ll start our visuals by loading a picture into a Power BI service account. From the Power BI service portal we can see our Power BI reports are on a new connection to our Power BI service account, but we can also see our existing Power BI Dashboards are running. We can also see our new Power BI Excel action bar is highlighted.  To see our new Power BI report, we can click the play key to open up the demo with the drill bit labeled “Report”.   We’ll make a selection between the traditional Power BI dashboards available on the Five Most Popular Websites (here are only a few that we found useful):  Here we’re clicking on one of the five popular pages in our Power BI service account and getting to our live report page:  The dashboard is only accessible through the dashboard page URL by going to the Power BI Service dashboard page tool and selecting “Open in new tab”.  There we go, using the live report page URL I selected earlier to see where I had found my Power BI reports.  The screenshot below shows the live report in action. Notice how the navigation is completely changed as we click on the dashboard. Notice how the bottom row of the report navigation window changes color from gold to turquoise. What’s happening next?  The dashboard contains three main actions:     Managing your data at rest Two Creating reports with the content of your clipboard and the content of your slide show resume next. To see the first action, go to the Power BI Service dashboard page tool and click on the Share your report action. The dashboard window will open in a new window and you will see two screenshots of the action. One is from using the content of the slide show resume and the other is a snapshot from showing what the report will look like in the report bar.  The screenshot below shows what the dashboard will look like if the user clicks on the resume and the resume is not selected.  After clicking on the resume, the screenshot shows what the dashboard will look like. The screenshot above shows how the dashboard will look with the content in the selected place.  The screenshot below shows what the dashboard will look like based on
