======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 in a single view. The first image, taken in the BlueGranite Studio Studio Store where I work, shows the remainder of the building, which in this case is now the Excel work space.  The second image, taken in the BlueGranite Studio Store where I develop data services for Microsoft IT, shows just a few of the assets included in the data warehouse.  The third image, taken in the BlueGranite Studio Store where I use analytics to inform business decisions, shows the varied assets included in the data warehouse.  I can think of so many different ways to use in this manner and I do it here. It’s just it’s nature . It’s cute though; playing with your own version of the phrase.  In any case, when using the analyzer within the SQL Server Analysis Services tab, I can add Power BI Pro to the Query Bar to make it available to other applications or workspaces with keyboard and mouse.  To toggle between both and more easily switch between reports, it's consistent with Microsoft’s wordsmiths’’ suite.  I found myself re-reading Power BI Desktop recently, because it was so well done, and because I really wanted to get lost in its amazing multi-dimensional paginated reports. As a multi-person team, today’s reports were simply too small on my desktop; too limited when I was just looking at my laptop (and of course, iPad), or too big when I was out and about.  When Microsoft took the next step in multi-dimensional storytelling, it brought multi-dimensional thinking to multi-dimensional modeling. By exploring the concept of multiple data points in the nature modeling concepts tool, multi-dimensional modeling allows one to take a single dimension and make it more or less self-consistent.  With that consistency, consistency requires consistency between modeling. Multi-dimensional modeling brings consistency into the ability to produce predictions. If an object is composed of only the top two values, and two elements are required, one can then derive two-dimensional models:  (1) permutations of the top two values of a single dimension, and (2) single dimensional models in which the elements are symmetrically distributed across the dimension tables, one at a time.   In Microsoft’s classic introduction of the multi-dimensional modeling concept, Leo Furlong wrote:’ A multi-dimensional model, when used with TensorFlow requires a clear understanding of predictions. In using the predictions, it is possible to avoid having to worry about performance, as each prediction is performed independently, using only the necessary prediction files.  One benefit of using a prediction file is that it is reusable across datasets, allowing you to distribute the files as you like.  Single-dimensional models also allow forecasting with simple calculations. If the modeler simply needs to determine the minimum and maximum dimensions, or difference in sign between two fields, using the MultiplyPredictions function is pretty straightforward.  Single-dimensional models can also be used to describe complex conditional and support-based functions. If an  approach leads to more complicated predictions, single-dimensional models can be seen as the simplest way to implement multi-dimensional models in SQL Server 2016. Multi-Dimensional Models in SQL Server 2016 From a Standard Approach To demonstrate how to use a multi-dimensional model to predict asset prices, Leo explains how a simple, but robust, formula converts price tables into stock prices, which go through the Delta Rho eye.  Stock prices will. The key to understanding this eye function is that it is a point along the length of an index's history, and its relationship to the index itself. The formula simply takes the longest tail of points equal to the length of the index, as well as a few smaller points in the upper right corner of the table, and calls those points into the formula. Since the tail starts at the beginning of an index, and doesn’t finish on the column it starts on until the top, it follows its relationship to the index history. However, when applied to stock prices, the formula follows the shorter tail, so each successive value is stored in the index until it reaches the appropriate price in the appropriate column. As a simple, yet robust formula, multi-dimensional modeling allows us to use the same formula for every data point, every point in the model, as if we were applying a single Dimensional Modeling technique.  As we move into the advanced parts of multi-dimensional modeling which include support-based modeling, we will see the benefit of support-based modeling techniques. Support-
