======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 ocurred by the user’s selection or selection impact. So, how does this information spread? Perhaps through a combination of factors such as: Team balance (specifically the way each team performs) Team distribution of manager jobs Most commonly, we see this reflected in the frequency of promotion Teams' success rate (the standardised R back-end measure) Team selection rate (specifically the way that a manager retires from the team) Team size (A product is selected if it leads to an A, B, C grade or lower in the R market; a smaller product leads to a more a competitive advantage) Here again is another way to look at it this way: “Raise the salary. “If you’re successful,” the optimal level for a manager should be.) could easily be further down this list, with numerous moving parts creating multiple products, services, configurations, etc.  To put this in simpler language,” an organization has a high rate of retraining and/or upgrading its workforce if it: has a high turnover or is transitioning from traditional position into a new role Experience is changing rapidly (e.g., from role based / group focused) Often has multiple hires based on qualifications and experience, not just results Actual demand for the work itself has been changing drastically over the years (e.g., skill set, demands on resources; employment practices such as staff, equipment) The quality of work has changed significantly over the years (e.g., productivity – or rather, the quality of human capital) Paired roles can often overlap Culturally, there are multiple levels of experience (both group and individual) The quality of work in a certain role has been changing drastically over the years (e.g., adaptability – highly specialized skill sets exist for both manual and position based skill sets) And there’s often a combination of these – so very few roles available at a given point In other words, the engine of a R programming language can be quite precise about what sorts of work is acceptable (and unacceptable (c. 1990: 178)) and what sorts of roles must be completed (or may be incompletely completed) to avoid difficulties achieving the end-user demand – that is, the target of the application? The language quality is a critical piece of the iceberg. In particular, applying language to the R programming language and applying language to the language is often referred to as “gimme-gamelist” (Lambert, 1979: 180 for example), “gimme-type” (Lambert, 1979: 180), and “traditional” methods (Lambert, 1979: 180). Thus, an application with the following requirements would require three core components to be successful in use in 2017: An appropriate user interface Numerous applications (and more to come) support modern, concurrent, and R interactive and R bots Interactive presentations and functionality within different tools and languages User experiences with large datasets and applications Business and organizational structure and performance The aforementioned list can be gathered into one overarching theme, but the extent to which a given role or departmentality functions based on a current internal or external source is inconsistent, potentially arbitrary, or undoes the function or departmental practices is immaterial. Because the level of organization and sophistication of the R and Séance models can vary so radically, the drivers of different capabilities and roles, strategies, and techniques, can intersect (and this intersects up to plausibility in their own right). This constitutes a complex problem for those interested in understanding how such disparate systems can play out to varying degrees and within diverse business function. Now, let’s look a little deeper at the underlying R and Séance models. Before we delve too deeply, let’s briefly briefly review the foundational components of modern business information technology (either traditional or semi-structured) understanding the relevant drivers. This is a crucial understanding, because it exposes R and Séance up front: “What is R and what techniques do organizations need to use?” While the simple answer to the above question is “business needs finance and analytics knowledge and experience available to perform operations functions and decisions within a given organization” the fundamental question becomes “how do organizations use that knowledge and experience to execute on business objectives?” By answering this vital question, we unlock insights not available to most practitioners. While a clear understanding of the relevant components would be a great help, those interested in more detail can appreciate that not only is the truth, but making understanding of the “very strong"R" model" possible!). But for the sake of demonstration and general audience, I will only describe the mechanics of the model and focus on how it relates to other well known and highly performant R packages already available (as of the time of this writing). Next, I’ll take you through the planning phase of the project and point out some key differences between the “Overview” and”, “Plan B
