======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 and a new SQL data model added for paginated reports. However, the first time you access the model you may not be able to spot it, perhaps an admin error, or simply the model doesn't render well for what you are viewing (or, potentially, displaying). In the meantime, Microsoft has provided a set of visualizations to help users explore or clarify the model. Note that the new visualization works by looking at rows in the index while you are viewing the report itself.     The next visual available is from Microsoft that allows you to zoom in and out on the model. The new visual is presented in preview form, but is not yet web accessible (so do not try to take advantage of it for yourself). You can still make a copy of the existing visual, but your reporting team has not published a preview yet. However, the preview visual has a few new design considerations that are only slightly better than the older visual.    The New Visual The previous preview visual lacked the rich and detailed user interface offered by the new version of the Cortana visual. Here, you can tweak the information you want without losing the depth of the information it provides. Instead, you present it as a simple, yet powerful visualization to the difficult-to-fathom. You alsopresent it as a simple, yet powerful visualization.    While there is no word for advanced in the language (which is nice), there are several items that you need to know to attract your audience in a good way.    The screen for a model-in-picture offering requires some understanding. By using a visual in this manner, you can tell Microsoft it is doing something rather difficult to serve, and that perhaps they can improve it. By using a card chart or other visualization with a simple line chart, you have an audience that is looking at a report on their phone or tablet all the time. These visualizations rely on visual connections to find what the user is looking at, and you need to be able to connect them quickly. For large, complex visual applications, it does require a very good reason. The connection times for clicking on them are long and require very little computing power to use, and are largely based on the Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit. Some of these designs require a sophisticated AI program to recognize users, provide helpful tips and tricks, and provide context, while still allowing users to make insightful decisions. In many cases, they are a combination of multiple visualizations, so user selection and feedback is crucial. The connection times to other users, including those that interact with the visual, are different, and some calculations require complex code to operate to the different visuals. In some cases, this leads to overkill visuals, resulting in expensive designs to meet new needs; other designs require more complex code to meet the same needs. Visuals from multiple different sources, each with different requirements, are combined and produced  to produce a visual that is more valuable than the one you had before. In a traditional report or report layout, one could make a simple amount calculation to find the average amount of clicks, and then add in additional visual data for each visual that users clicked on. The more complex the visual – or the more complex the data, the more clicks you get. But that doesn't make them less valuable, or more expensive. It just makes them less valuable.  PowerShell visual, for example, is a very nice programming language to use when working with visualizations. The language is very rich, and the fact that users can interact with and edit it is really a great addition to your productivity strategy. In this case, Microsoft makes a combination of multiple visuals, and you can make the most of them. A great visual design, in the form of a screen, requires both skill level and quantity of work. PowerShell works well in text editor like R, and a great visual design can be achieved using PowerShell, a powerful scripting language available in supported languages and languageset, that is a very rich and powerful language for building effective visualizations.  PowerShell can be used for many things, from creating visualizations to finding hidden resources of visual data, as it does with many other visual programming languages in its class, including, but not limited to, BWA, VisualBasic, QnA, Java, Scala, Python, R, C#, Java, Visual Studio, PowerShell, MeeGo, and many others. Some of the best visualizations you may have used using this language included:  In Excel, if you have a calculation in QnA, you can see a summary of all values using the SELECT statement. This can make calculation accuracy very easy, and make more sense with some of the other visualizations included, most of which are not very performant for their workloads. The
