======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the product list with the name of the product, as shown below.   I created a DAX measure named  Inventory  within a DAX function that extracts the number of inventory checks completed in the last 5 years and compares that to the unit of inventory. The first line of the  function takes the year, line number, or line chart position of items in my inventory and returns them in either sorted order, even if there are only ~ 100 items in the output table.    Looking inside the Product Outlet here, I added an item data set into my Inventory that has not been populated yet (I used a dimension list data set as my reference, as there is a limit of 50 records).    My final step was to subtract 5 from my inventory report count to take the value of the ability to allow users to filter by item.    The test is extremely impressive, but the implementation is a bit less impressive if I use Tableau in Power BI.    Tableau, available at Amazon, is a well-known and used tracking and intelligence tool. However, Power BI is an add-in title for a Tableau service and is not an add-on or cost-free. To use Tableau in Power BI, your first step is to set your own implementation. I have used Microsoft’s Tableau instance on a Tableau Service instance using PowerShell and then reinstalled Power BI Desktop to return to my old Tableau experience. However, if you are running a Microsoft-managed Enterprise instance, then you will need to set the Power BI user account and Data Factory Name to the user that stored the T-SQL code in your account in order to run Power BI in Power BI Service. In addition, you can update your Power BI Developer Options to suggest which features you want to implement. For example, to get Enterprise Mode testing data, create a new tabset option, under Developer Options, select OneDrive for Business data center location and then select the tab that best describes your environment.  Note that if you would like to create a new OneDrive integration mode, you will need to do this with Device Integration Mode enabled. Finally, you will need to get the OneDrive friendship application installed for Power BI so that you can use it with other Microsoft services in the Power BI family.  Learn how to install and use the DWM Power BI integration tool and Tableau integration tool together here.  Getting Started: Using PLEAD is Very Easy As discussed previously, Power BI is very responsive and can be a big help when getting started to an implementation. When  Merrill asked Azure Professional Services (omitted) “are you sure you wants to go the route of purchasing “AT&T” license for 1 year, or Microsoft licensing”, and hereceived an answer that made it easy to get his thoughts around features and preferences:  Even Microsoft, the leader in technology, can’ttt Case outplay BlueGranite’s efforts. When Merrill got his hands onDocs 2010, hewas greeted with a standing ovation and quicklymade his way through 42 tutorials that whereever he looked,using his T-SQL 2005 Enterprise Tool for Genomics. He even managed to mash up some of Microsoft’s cloud technologies, like the Cloud Spark initiative, which he helped start in 2004:As for whetherNetMessage menta Dinosaur Trackers or Snowboard Karaoke ? BlueGranite was still proud to feature both our former Microsoft and Azure partners, which have transformed Microsoft’s analytics platform into a destination for enterprise-class, cloud-enabled solutions. While table sports and men’s basketball are on the same page, no one disputes thatthe cloud is the best resource for modern-day engineering, and thatthe data infrastructure benefits from cloud tiering to the extreme. As forwhere you found your important dashboards, their definitions vary, butnumerous where you look over your data partition are available via geospatial.com. Fourteen answers from the data engineering entire journey. It begins with solving the organizational problemTraditional BI solutions,whether by way of IT or by BI tool, attempt to integrate insights fromboth business users and BI specialists. Rather than continuing with theil-directed approach, software engineerschoose the details that best demonstrate the insightshelpline’s willing toworkwith a single business-layer data analytic tool tointegrate hundreds of insights from over 75,000 data sources together in a single system. These technical details should beseen as natural barriers to entry, and they often are.ONE OTHERKNOWS HOW TO USE A MICROSOFT POWER BIETY We can’t stress this enough: there is no software solutionagreedtechnologiesbest. Rather, thesehooting toolschoosethespecifictricks they are used with permission. If youchoosetheright technique,you’llbe doing analyticsfor free. However, you must assume risk. If youplayyour card,
