======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 to learn something about Power BI. Contact us today to learn how we can help!"
"227" "Microsoft's Azure service, which has been in preview for almost a year now, is getting some major updates, most of them related to security. One of the most exciting are Gateways (in the Azure cloud), which connect devices in devices via a web connection through IP addresses or by using a web browser like Firefox. Gateways allow for authorization of a user to execute specific code under the premise that the endpoint is a managed Office365 instance. You can check out the whitepaper https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/en-us/how-learn-to-use-azure-proprietary-load-architecture-two-windows-ps4-windows-rr100903    What is Gateways and what are its implications? Gateways allow a single instance to manage various services that the other service needs to perform. Gateways are good at that since they let the endpoint get managed by the user. But there is a catch. In practice, gateways are currently in preview and will likely be in preview for a while.  What we are trying to say is that Gateways are not managed by Office 365 and that a potential security issue is currently preventing them from being included in existing Power BI services. Power BI users are welcome to enable gateways in applications like Wistify or Mapbox. There is also the potential that the gateway could be modified to make it usable by other users and that could make for a faster transition to Power BI over Office 365 services. But there is nothing to announce in this discussion at this time. Gateway Security How can an IT think outside the box when designing gateways? A gateway is no longer a piece of cake, it's a necessity for IT tools that can enable IT to manage users. Gateway configurations can now be created and managed through the Microsoft Azure portal. Here is an example:  It will look something like this:  Gateway configurations can be created from any Power BI service (like Wistify or Mapbox). As an example, let's say that you are deploying Office 365. In Office 365 settings, under Advanced, there is a nice section that looks like this:   With an option to add a gateway, the gateway configuration appears under the Settings > Gateway options. For some users, it looks something like this:   With gateway settings enabled, a sample Office 365 Admin portal looks like this:    There are a lot of options for how applications and services use connectivity (both wired and standard) and the gateway section is available as an added capability under the Settings, Admin and Gateway sections. The gateway section is also available with different gateway types from Wistify and Mapbox. The final way to integrate Gateway configurations will be to stick with the Gateway settings page in Wistify. This will allow us to add additional security and manage gateway configurations. Another solution to support both users and tools is to add a link to the Gateway Settings page in Wistify for each user specific to the specific tool to which the security configuration relates. For example, in the example below I am using Wistify and an existing admin portal. The Gateway settings page provides details of several options, starting with the gateway type for the Admin user. We can add additional settings to individual users. I would then add the link to the individual portal page for that user in the Gateway page. This would further be used as a control to determine what Gateway configuration to use. For example, I would choose the Wistify configuration for that user in the Admin user portal. Here are some of the options for the Admin Gateway: Advanced Admin user access control, managed by the Admin. Wistify Admin portal access control, managed by the Wistify Admin. Wistify Admin admin access control, managed by the Admin. Wistify Admin portal portal access control, only managed by the Admin. Administrator admin access control, managed by the Admin. Administrator admin access control, managed by the Admin. There are currently many options for managing Gateway configurations, but the general concept is the same for all these options. The final concept is that each user only has their own specific Gateway configuration. We can do this by restricting access to specific gateway types to the user on whose behalf they are accessing Office365. This will allow users to keep their gateway configuration. With the Gateway options set to each user individually, the Gateway settings page is accessible to everyone at each user. What can you do with those experience gaps? Well, you can change them by creating a new instance of the Gateway setup tool in Power BI and using the new Power BI gateway editor.   It is recommended that you create your own admin portal on Power BI to manage and manage the Gateway configurations. All users can log onto that account from Power BI and create the new configuration. However, the Admin login page and the Admin portal page are only accessible by the admin. So,
