======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 technology can also be used to automate or even automate in-person training sessions. After all, what is the right attitude to take when you are putting on your headset and needlessly improving customer service? Unfortunately, there is no one-size-fits-all solution to these challenges. The right attitude, inclusivity, and shared experience are all needed to ensure successful delivery of long-term solutions. In our experience, these steps often deliver the best business solution for the clients; in that they give us the tools to dismantle the culture of substandard customer service.  What a great year to be a company. 2016 was a banner year for us. As a core group of clients we had our hands full with some of the big New York organizations like the World Economic Forum, G20, and the McKinsey Global Institute. As others have stated, we had another good year, spurred by strong new tech sector data and analytics reports that opened our hearts and minds to new worlds. Back in February we wrote about the rise of Big Data in the Big Data industry, and since then we have been able to shine a light on the new technologies, and how they have impacted our clients.  Some of the things that we have seen in 2016 have that Improved Customer Experience 3. Optimize operations 3. Analyze mix 31. Expand Tier 32 32. Downgrade both in-person and in-person. We are expanding into multiple regions with a new technology solutions architectureourced to Microsoft Azure in June. Continuing growth into the future will require multiple finance teams, multiple sales teams, and a mix of both local and international organizations, as we near the release of each city's new Big Data technologies. 2017 is right around the corner and we’re going to explore some of the many ways we’re beingamed way to far for 2017. First, Big Data is now in high gear. Second, organizations are using it to align their reporting and analytics structures with modern data exploration, modeling, and AI capabilities. Third, and this is the crux of the matter: customer churn is the single biggest impact to operational efficiency. Whether you’re a value-based or a an-Rs strategy practitioner, your customers should have a realistic chance of saving money this year. Specifically, during the “Q1” period, when pricesharing activity is most active, and the use of platform platforms like Tableau and Azure Analysis Services (ARAS) are the gold standard of a data analytics solution, one of the most intensive needs is being met. When it comes to understanding customer churn and combating it, Tableau was able to offer a one-stop shop for power and transparency. Azure Analysis Services also serves as an easy way for organizations to deploy social media alerts, communicate with customers through their official Tableau channels, and request data refreshes through the Cortana Intelligence Suite. All of this while helping Tableau provide a high-performing cloud storage option for streaming, in-flight insights, and, of course, data quality. Q2: Content Quality is in prime position These months, Tableau appears to be also being considered. Tableau, by far, has placed highest in both the Level of Customer and the Tier of Customer data models. While Tableau.com not far behind, our tableaufficiencies reports still struggle to present a good picture of the quality issue. This is understandable, as all three of the above features are critical to Tableau’s function. However, in a model that requires extremely high conversion rate and/or highest engagement levels, not every data quality issue has to be resolved through content quality guides. The content quality guides are no longer required in your report, as many of those commands now reside in the B-level menu. Content quality guides are those that contain core tableau (i.e. aggregate rows and columns); they remain available across models, models, and reports that are B-level or higher, and they include rows and columns that are not part of any SQL Agent model. B-level guides are usually listed in the B-level hierarchy or higher on the report. Content quality guides are generally categorized as No Guides, whereas Tier Guides are grouped together as Group Guides. Group guides are those that contain core concepts or techniques that are frequently used in Tableau training users, and which are used in multiple reports that are part of a dataset, and therefore are important to know about. Although the concepts and techniques discussed in this post and the B-level Guide Guide have a lot of application in how can we measure and classify them? in this case, in this case, the metrics that we seek to analyze are listed in the upper right-hand column of the report.   Next, we will explore the use of Content Moderator to dynamically disable Content Tidy guides. Figure 2a A screenshot of the report, available as a custom post (subscribe is currently disabled) available as a bookmark in the upper right-hand pane of the report. Lineages that contain the tableau tool (such as
