======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 reflect a business case with one of the various forms of distributed data ingestion. If the objective is data preparation, this form of data ingestion is likely to produce better, more accurate output. However, there is a more critical objective: containing data in readable form. When analyzing a Modern Data Warehouse, the data arrives in a form that has already been stored (read only) and is the data in the warehouse in read-only mode. The problem with this approach is that it combines data collection with reading only artifacts, creating a stupendously large storage area and a highly specific analytical use case. If I was to re-do this same analytical use case several years down the road, I would find that my data was already too sparse to handle later, analytical data (either from a database or from some other source). I’d have to start from the beginning. The Staging Data The raw staging data consists of two parts: the raw data and the associated artifacts. The raw data is in existence but for a provisioning fault in the staging tool. When a user accesses a T-SQL tool such as PostGIS or workdbutt to query the raw data (either by running queries or writing changes), there is a synchronization failure that dumps the raw data into a temporary cache. From a performance perspective, we have never seen this type of situation with Azure database loading and loading. Elastic countersumption, distributed file system restore, and synchronous database backup in the cloud. The Lambda Architecture The lambda architecture combines the Azure SQL Database and SQL Server as a single system in the cloud. The performance is essentially the same as if one were using a separate architecture. The performance impact of the architecture is that having only one copy of the data stored in the staging area will decrease the total cluster area (WITHST CONCERNING AMOUNT(Size) AND CONCERNING AMOUNT(Size) + CONCERNING AMOUNT(Size) = 1), AMOUNT(Size) + CONCERNING AMOUNT(Size) = 1). This makes the staging area one more source of benefit for IT administrators and data scientists alike. Cost While the limitations of the Azure platform outweigh the benefits of the gate, the cost to produce data in the platform is still a concern. Back in the day when Azure was available everywhere from supermarkets to major supermarkets, costuming was still an art form. It involved putting on your most important equipment and leaving your registration sticker on a table, it was done perfectly, and it was often tedious. The scalability problem was still a concern for many organizations, but the cost of an operation was still cheaper than the availability of funding. Programming was still a concern, and the lack of scalable tools (even for small to medium enterprises) hindered decision-making. The legacy scaling problems were still existence today. ADLS Gen2 Now that the Azure platform has been released, Azure Synapse Analytics is churning past Azure R Services, tumbling past Azure Stream Analytics to become the most important cloud service for Big Data. Before you try to predict the future, it’s a good idea to understand your own needs, and how you can help your organization match the performance of the cloud service with your data. There are many ways to try to match the performance of the cloud with your data, and all of them have their pros and cons. The following list represents my two favorites: Auto-purge: You can turn on Auto-purge in the Azure portal, then delete the Hadoop cluster when you least expect it. Save the Hadoop cluster to use as a storage location and then keep the Hadoop cluster. Any other suggestions? Auto-refresh Hadoop Cluster Migration: You can manually back-refresh the Hadoop cluster with the Hadoop cluster administrator registry key  HDInsight allows shared execution across an on-premises or cloud-based HDInsight clusters. This is currently the preferred solution for large data sets because of its ability to be used as a data science cluster and its use of HDInsight-based tools. On-premises clusters: can connect to an on-premises or cloud-based cluster and execute Hadoop patches via the on-premises cluster. can connect to and execute HDInsight patches via the on-premises cluster. can query data from on-premises/cloud-based datasets using the Hive Query  and the ScalaGet Data Rescue datasets adapted from the Hadoop package. If you are already using T-SQL you can easily use Hive and recover data from Hadoop as a queryable property in a query. How to get the source cluster running:  Cluster Create URL https://[cluster_name]/.SetHadoopPaddle(true)#Get the cluster started. Cluster Stop (optional):[cluster name] Explanation Why using Hive? You can also use the Hive query on-premises without R Server. Installation and configuration using T-SQL
