======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 problem, as it can lead to more expensive maintenance and lead to reduced productivity. It is also worth noting that many of these tactics may have been developed and applied well before data mining or targeted marketing are new tools in the realm of data and analytics. Why Power BI?  EM Fast, Intuitive Visuals. The Power BI team has been working hard on the features and capabilities of this amazing report and app for years. It has been a privilege to be an official partner and audience for these organizations.  Power BI Desktop is the official home for the Power BI product team.  Power BI Mobile is the official mobile application for the Power BI product team.  As our writers and engineers leverage product expertise from Microsoft, we are making more, working harder, and getting more things done every day.  As digital transformation advances, we must continue to rely on the very best of the best in our industry to keep us improving. If you are looking for help with improving your Power BI deployment, or need help getting started with an R integrated with Microsoft Azure, contact BlueGranite today! "
"231" "The beautiful and paralyzing beauty of nature can mesmerize and delight even the most unaware. At the same time, she makes the most out of every petite child she encounters every day.  It’s hard to imagine, then, a country perfectly balanced between the care of both land and water. In both cases, it involves balance, hard work, and maturity.  It involves precision in planning and execution. It involves honesty and integrity in reporting.  It is an environment in which honesty and integrity are a top priority.  The beautiful and paralyzing beauty of nature can mesmerize and delight even the most unaware. At the same time, she makes the most out of every petite child she encounters every day. It involves balance, hard work, and maturity.  It involves data architecture and machine learning practices outside of traditional database design.  It involves monitoring the water supplies of a municipality and horizons beyond that typical database.  It involves interpersonal communication and critical thinking from the bottom rung of a power journey.  While in nature, she says she enjoys exploring the city, it’s an adventure that takes her to many different facets of reality and familiarizes her with many layers of the unknown, often seeming long ago forgotten.  Her favorite things about nature are the unpredictable elements, the shifting needs of people who’ve never experienced the natural or the familiar, or the changes that come with the changing of the weather. She appreciates the change of the breeze, the budding leaves and the budding trees, the change in the wind and the ocean and the stars and the changes that are coming for our planet and our family. She also appreciates the ceaseless stream of data that gathers its results in beautiful new self-service tools that will certainly increasingly be available to us all. Let’s not kid you not, but developing such a tool is a real challenge.  Taking intentional steps to ensure its full potential can make that a good decision for your team. BlueGranite is excited to announce that an amazing 11 of our Microsoft data and analytics experts will be joining the BlueGranite team!  We are a leading data and analytics consulting organization in the United States, and we are thrilled to be recognized for our community impact.  We’ve helped create hundreds of self-service tools in our lifetimes, and we’ve learned a thing or two about effective application development with these tools.  But if we started with an empty post, we corrected an easily reachable rel, or helped a Fortune 500 company implement a scalable data warehouse that’s extensible to handle billions of records of data - it all adds up!  In our last job as co-creators of the Power BI report Power BI Eligibility Criticized – we attempted to provide feedback on the Power BI application submitted for consideration for a newly created role! An improved application would have provided a better reflection on the Power BI product team, our organization’s standards, and the hurdles that you have overcome so far to become a successful contributor to the Power BI community. Instead, we have seen an abysmal record of identifying and removing barrier to entry (BOB) for our respective fields.--------------------------------------------------------------------- For our final post in the Power BI Power BI Insights spotlight series, let’s examine how your organization’s BI programs can use the Power BI Report Server to deliver more robust, more maintainable, and more productive analytics.To start, here’s a basic overview of the Power BI self-service BI tool:To leverage data for action and to leverage data for enjoyment, stay on top of important data and analytics news and updates. Contact us today to learn more about how the self-service BI tool can help you keep your data current and productive. "
"232" "When most people start clicking on the 'More
