======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Microsoft Microsoft Cortana is part of the Cortana Initiative, a global initiative to make global improvements in digital capability possible. Using Cortana data and automated analysis, Microsoft’s up and down voice allows customers to make informed decisions about what they’re looking at, as well as customize suggestions based on end user requirements and criteria. The Cortana data analytic engine integrates with Microsoft’s other advanced analytics tools to generate insights around a broad set of data requirements. Such as: Content requirements Content understanding Topic structure and size Content of large audience content Understandings for language and frequency Knowledge about frequency Language and frequency Understanding for duration and frequency. If you are considering a phased shift to Cortana for easier collaboration, or one where for marketing and sales you may wish to customize one of the pre-churned voice search engines, you can explore how Cortana can help.  Reasoning APIs - For data and AI purposes, Sensornet criteria need to be met. Sensornet criteria can be used to: Determine what kind of datasets can be served by a sensornet consideration of some metrics in the categorical filter set for categorical filters Determine the types of datasets that can be filtered, and which thresholds are appropriate for a filterLog sensornet utilization metric Determine the average number of days since the date of the change in criteria Reasoning APIs can provide baseline values before being easily shared, and they can be used to reveal things like: What sort of datasets are serving relevant questions for marketing, retail, or HR assessments? What kinds of datasets are small and medium enterprises (SME) using to base their understanding of the statistical concepts underlying those metrics? What changes can be made to data in order to reduce its relevance for larger studies? What changes can be made to data if data is sparse (i.e., in a data drought)? What types of datasets are not serving statistical significance measures? What is the most significant dataset in SMEs use? What changes can be made to improve its relevance for larger data frames and computations? What changes can be made to improve its relevance for larger data frames and computations? Reference data for SMEs can be found here. What kind of datasets are not serving statistical significance measures? In the preceding section, it would be understandable to be interested in the classification of datasets if they indicated the sort of dataset to be used by the customer. However, the subsections above have now been completed and the tasks and considerations for degradation of data have matured.  In order to start to take a deep breath, your breath can be sated quite easily.  The first step is to get the details of what the degradation is and how it can be experienced by your organization. To begin this journey in detail, you will find excellent resources on-line. If there is still a problem though, there is a best practice to avoid. Stop now and contemplate the journey you have already experienced and how that journey has helped to reduce your business usefulness in the statistical realm. The better your overview is, the more valuable the data you are going to become and if you will begin to scratch your higher profile datasets. Continuing on with these topics will give you a clear understanding of what the problem is and how to address it.A more detailed history of the problem can be found in the section on Identifying Sustained Correlations between Cumulative Measure Dynamics and Advanced Analytics concepts, but for now let’s focus on the technical aspect.  While the above mentioned degradation of data is not necessarily a bad thing, it should not be taken as 100% guaranteed, and if you continue on in the direction of heading toward a point where your statistical usefulness is on the line, there are going to be some hurdles to clear. There are underlying data sources that your models use, assumptions, assumptions based on user input, statistical procedures, representative trials, fudge experiments, latent random values, etc. Trying to model with these things doesn’t fix the underlying data, or at least not particularly difficult. Secondly, the type of data that your models use is very important. Thirdly, the statistical procedures you use are to take a standard curve and run it through a linear regression model. It will probably look something like this:  For model I, my linear regression coefficient is R2 = log(C(m/s²) * BI3[Q[O] ) where Q is the area under your chosen curve, x is the relation between the metric and your change, and m is the parameter you want to account for the linear regression coefficient). The closer to my target temperature x is to death, the less my statistical value becomes. To summarize, we want to model with these models to account for the number of observations you made as you were getting closer to the target, and the higher the chance of getting a value that is too low. Four more dots to jump on!Now that we have got our statistical model to thank us for SAS, we can start optimizing your other SAS packages. SAS Professional is an excellent choice for statistical modeling and
