======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 are a few features that make the process much easier. The first and foremost, they include the following: Separation of Compute and Storage – This is an important capability that can be very helpful in many Power BI deployments. Many organizations have split control points for loading data into Data Warehousing or querying Tableau. The term Data Warehouse refers to either the direct or indirect connection to Databricks. The concept is more specific than few organizations have an ownership stake in Databricks and have a right to control the operation of data Warehouse. We talk to people who have heads full of how it sounds. Distribute Data – This refers to the desire to distribute data as part of a larger process. Many pipelines and jobs in Power BI run concurrently, which can make it difficult to keep up with both moving data and development of new data. To provide a centralized platform to the data warehouse, a Staging Data Warehouse has to be created first. Then the user has to be logged in to do it, which sounds complicated, but it essentially involves creating a \"staging data warehouse\" where users can log in and edit data collaborators can then send data to Data Warehouse and then back out. Creation of the Staging Data Warehouse requires Python (PyPI), a dependency of the Power Query package, which can be installed locally on the machine. In addition, there is the ability to send data out to SQL Server with commands like “sqlexecute -nocash -shared”, “sqlexecute -numeric -shared”, and so on.  The server code that is sent to the SQL Server in both continuous and batch execution. While in continuous execution, the user interacts with SQL Server using a series of commands. When a command is issued, a SQL Server graph is generated of the results, allowing the user to select items in the graph to read more data. There is also the option to publish the data to Power BI for further analysis. Continuing with the centralized webinar, we will be looking at the cross-posting theme, and how it can be used to create various web pages. Pages can be created by creating an existing class and adding R variables to the variable, or by adding R code to the end of the page and then clicking the bookmark icon.  As always, our goal is to provide great information on the benefits of using Power BI to share data, as well as great tips and tricks to get started. If you have any questions or want to know more, contact us and we will be happy to help."
"230" "It’s been a bit more than a week since BlueGranite’s Bryan DeZeeuw and I joined thousands of other developers and tech analysts April 7-’10 to build a year of actionable, professional-grade report and analytics in the Microsoft Visual Studio Team Store. The Microsoft Team Store is a powerful platform that provides a secure store of common knowledge that enables business users and IT admins to build powerful, engaged solutions. We started the week with the assignment of Team MVP, Melissa Coates. Maki is a full-time job at a retail company in Massachusetts that follows a strict zero-hours policy. The store's owner, Jerry Coates, feels frustrated by this employee’s car theft and constantly searches the shelves to find items worth investigating more. Melissa feels even more frustrated by this customer, TJ, who they say is out of work for two days. Although TJ makes good purchases, TJ is always looking for the missing “item”. When TJ leaves work to get a shift on the next level, Melissa takes a different path and asks Melissa to sort out the laptop TJ’s missing from. Melissa believes the problem is often her car, TJ finds it, and quickly moves to another task.  TJ believes the problem is always his work, so he's never seen anything else like this before. When Melissa knocks on the machine, TJ’s mom’s house is the first to react, and she knocks on the second one’s mom’s living room hard. It’s met with a lot of excitement, and the house has a lot of excitement. The Managers Table has a lot of activity, and it only gets interesting as the week goes on. On Friday, April 12, the Managers Table becomes available, and everyone can get in and participate by clicking the links below!      Power BI Report Server and Power BI Desktop Integration – Give Your Users the Best Experience – by Melissa Coates, Microsoft Power BI Lead – Give Your Users the Best Experience™ Platform – The Power BI Report Server and Power BI Desktop, by Melissa Coates, Inc., are two new Office 365 Management APIs that you can access on your Power BI mobile device to execute business on-demand. The solution includes a mobile experience, so your users don’t have to navigate to the report page to see the Power BI report portal and Power BI report syncing. The solution also integrates
