======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 turn of year (or even month to month) is not critical.   The key is to measure the evolution over time in a way that gives you the insights that you need about the evolution of your data.  That means going back to the beginning of the year and paying attention to the slices – you'll notice that there’s been a lot of evolution.  I guess you could say that things have turned around over time. The last couple of years have been a lot of ups and downs. If you reflect on the peaks and valleys, the data has turned around and your data is a lot more competitive. If you look at the downstream processes over time, you’ll see that the peaks and valleys have a lot of the downstream effects we’re looking for. Some of these things might be invisible to the visible spectrum analyzer but you can’t ignore them. The dramatic shift in sales over time may be taking place in the visible spectrum and not showing it, and some of the processes that were being thought of as trends may be outdated or in some cases, may be thearily align with results being shown. These are all things we can analyze and justify over time.   The Data Driven Approach:  The first and most obvious approach to viewing the data is to make a decision and make a chart.  This will give the analyst the greatest insight.  There are many factors at play, and each one might have its own tag.  Make a decision based on what makes your dollar-grabbing trick turn around in a faster timeframe.  In most cases, the initial hump will be over time.  When you hit that hump, you’re past the hump now. The next hump might be spending the more productive hours you have off.  That’s right, baseball season is upon us.  Between April Fools' Day and May Days, there’s a chance you’ll be sitting ducks and hawks.  Consider what a batshit crazy marketing campaign for baseball games like Power BI would provide.  In a perfect world, everyone would be able to play each game and have fun.  However, all eyes would be on the quality of data being generated during Power BI marketing, and that leads to an increase in alerts and misdirected data.  Sometimes, even the best analysts will be put in impossible situations where their data is in imminent danger.  In that case, Power BI marketing should display data in the most in line with what’s important at the time.  This is not data science at work. It is not even close. It is making a bet on the sake of the sake of cheap data. If you don’t have access to a good dashboard or two, you will not be successful.  Strategy is key. Get creative. Break down time categories.  Maps will be nice.  Show data to see what is driving the effects.  Map the effects to yourself. What is driving the effect in the first place? What do you want to see on the data table? Analyze.  Figure out your data and analyze it.  Realistically, your team would be better off if you did this every day.  Sometimes the first analysis will be OK, sometimes it will be a problem in the schedule.  Sometimes the monitoring and the production of the maps will become issues and not an issue when the reports are placed in the dashboard.   In the above scenario, not a single day goes astray due to poor scheduling.  Every week the same maps are put on top of a larger news story without any discussion of scheduling or the impact on user satisfaction.  This creates confusion and frustration among analysts. Not only is this, in and of itself, a problem, but it also unnecessarily heightens the pressure on your data analysts to be more creative. Let your team take a break and get creative. What is your data showing?  When did the data show up, and how does it impact the decisions you and your team are putting into the model? Analyze!  Figure out what your data shows up in the model and take action.  If you find performance is slowing down data, you are not running out of data.  You are just not understanding the data enough. Be patient and learn from your mistakes. There is no better support system than Power BI, and there is no better excuse not to be using Power BI more.  You are impacting data and planning more in execution.  Set smart performance targets and take your data into account when you are running Power BI. If you would like help implementing a Power BI deployment, please contact us. We would be happy to share our knowledge and experience. "
"120" " I recently deployed a Power BI deployment onto an Azure Databricks Azure Storage account, also known as Databricks Blob Storage. This behind-the-scenes effort tried to automate some of the company’s most complex machine learning and machine learning processes. To my
