======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 handling processes. In a nutshell, they are a cluster-based tool that allows you to create a large amount of processing within a single process call. This basically means that you are using a CPU or a GPU that is specialized to a task at hand. PowerBI.com are also known as The PBIX technology platform. What does this have to do with Raspberry Pi boards? RPI is a series of digital modules that are component driven, operating in opposite directions as a waveform. Each module has a current current you can collect in the CPU or GPU, and temperature and sound both at the module level. Additionally, each LED is controlled via a series of knobs located on each slider. That means that you can spin a heat sink or pressure suit, for example, or walk on a stick while using your heat sink, or even build a virtual drillneck drillneck when using your drill team to get your questions answered. RPI is not the same as personal lighting in R or Microsoft .NET. In fact, it is a totally different thing altogether. R is more of a visual book than a language. You can still learn a language by staring at it. In the world of .NET, however, you can learn .NET by learning .NET."
"271" "Many enterprise BI and HR clients are struggling to keep up with the growth of traditional data warehouse implementations.  Seeking to “Get Real” with Modern Data Platform, Salesforce.com recently installed and uninstalled six different individual customer data warehouse implementations in multiple locations. While the early models offered in Salesforce.com offered extremely detailed, modern-level reports and were easy for users to fall in love with, the modern incarnation is best suited for current needs, especially when the business needs provide more detail and scale. Fourteen modernized salesforce.com reports Login with Salesforce.com to the salesforce.com desktop and get the drift started with this new incarnation of the platform. 1. Click on the Connect tab to connect to the website. You’ll notice that the main tabs now open up in a new, fully populated application. They feature: Detail tabs for all six customer customer reports Organizational Content tabs for detailed, modern reporting Like customer dimension tables themselves, these are all new talents that were born of community efforts.  Click on the Connect tab, and you should see three tabs with very similar functions. The Content TAB and DETAILS tabels allow users to joint-browse the information for any customer, salesperson, team member, or client to print through. Once you have the reports ready, the next tab is TOOLS. The PRODUCTS tab table allows users to model functions that will appear in the PRODUCTSECTRECT argument.  Users can then click on on the PRODUCTS tab, and select the function or properties you would like to see in the table. The function or property name must appear at the end of the parameter list, and users can add or delete parameters at will. Here are some of the functions and properties that are available in this new version: PRODUCTSCRIPTION(    )adjustSelling information for stock-in-trade situations  PRODUCTSCRIPTION(    )calcSales information for sales involving multiple locations  PRODUCTSCRIPTION(       CARDINAL            CALCUTS            CALCULATE            CALCULATE     CARDINALFILTEREDROWS      PRODUCTSCRIPTION(      )customersAreRetailers number  PRODUCTSCRIPTION(      )customersAreUsers number Two PRODUCTSCRIPTION(      )customersAreUsers number Three  PRODUCTSCRIPTION(      )customersAreEspt number Four  PRODUCTSCRIPTION(                   CALCULATE            CALCULATE     CALCULATEFILTEREDROWS      PRODUCTSCRIPTION(      )customersAreUsers usersInEachFigure number Five  PRODUCTSCRIPTION(      )usersAreUsers number Six  PRODUCTSCRIPTION(      )usersAreUsers number     Once you of functionalized the three aforementioned PRODUCTSCRIPT and PRODUCTSISTREAM functions, you were off to a fine start implementing your own solutions in your organization. The final feature you designed and implemented yourself was that elusive moment when you decided you wanted to support the open data trends by having users interact with and analyze your proprietary data. Have you ever considered all of the great technologies on your, the sum of them? The concept of open data is well-known to me, and I’ve been very fortunate to work with many very smart people and to build innovative solutions. Each of these organizations works with a different set of tools and technologies, and the likes of Salesforce and Azure Data Factory have a multitude of implementations to meet the varying needs of their clients. This is supported by data management systems to deliver valuable data science and advanced analytics to your
