======== SAMPLE 1 ========
  I used a new Python script to add the necessary data structures for the data mart, the Data Dictionary, and the Documentation objects inside.     The Documentation object contained an archived dataset in JSON format that could be loaded into a similar SQL Server Analysis Services server for easy sharing and query generation with other applications. To facilitate the creation of a relationship between the data mart and its dataset and the SQL Server audit logs I imported a package of some decade old decisions data consumption groups into a SQL Server log database and permapped it data objects to create a hierarchy of records that can be seen as the log database is being accessed through Power BI.  This is just one example.   The DBI providers management with automatic approach data access for the PCE or ON system. The system is all connected, connected, connected, connected and connected and the connection is getting busy.  The report designers are worried that the weather phenomenon will keep the weather report from keeping the system ready to embed.  The dataset was refreshed and the resolved hierarchy was slightly less transparent. A second factory builder had to be added to the list of objects to make it available as a map.  In the Power BI feedback, the time dimensioning tool Filters the map using “time” was used to group the data as it was created.  After generating an interface for linking the fields, the report was ready to report in a custom visual.  Here’s a closer look at the interface:   The Overview tile tile tile <-- These tiles represent land uses within the county of your city.   A most typical AADT tile would be the Common Site tile.  The tile includes very few features that make it a great tile for interactive map building.  Some of the simple stops are a boarded up train station, a church, and a library. With its simple layout, it is easy to transform and load.  A good mechanic would be a tile that can move across the room and be aligned by a computer to make room for a bed and breakfast.  We’ve built a simple tile with a decorative heart.  The tile was finished in minutes and can be folded up to make a bed and breakfast.  The tile is currently only available as a tile set and can be be built from the tile set as a tilemqe.   You can view the complete set of tilemqe sites here.  The tile tile set was created using the tilebuilder package and provides a very simple and complete set of tiles.  If you’re looking for a tile set for your own map, use this resource and bring it with you.  We designed the tile for a private party in Boston, the public!  A private party is a group of people who do not have a lot of table space to go out and enjoy a good meal together.  The purpose of this tile set is to be a safe haven for those who don’t have a lot of room to move around.  While the group of people traveling for the meal will be gone, the tile will serve as a safe haven.  If you need help planning a nice meal, contact BlueGranite!"
"112" "This week we are going to look at how we helped create a project that ended up with $2 million in debt for our BlueGranite partner, customer solution provider Bright House Financial. Our efforts gave our client an umbrella definition of success, as well as help our client build their own data modeling and analytics capabilities, resulting in billions in in-service budget savings.  For example, they implemented predictive maintenance on a customer's balance sheet. Analytics like this can help their clients realize their data needs more effectively, and in a more cost-effective and efficient way.  Our clients were clearly suffering as a result of implementing predictive maintenance. The following are just a few of the ways that BlueGranite helped our company achieve its data modeling and analytics goals. Our clients also received advanced analytics and operationalized risk management services across a variety of industries, most notably: Foodservice, with salesperson Terry Lee (who also performed data entry for menu and coffee) working from his home in Colorado Springs; and construction tradesman Henry Kim (former Bright House Financial customer). 
