======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Top of the day. It’s worth highlighting some key concepts here: (1) Key Influencers is based on the idea of visualizing the relationships between variables. This means that there is a relationship between a specific value and the outcome that is being predicted. In other words, there is a relationship between a variable and the actual value assigned to that variable. This relationship is then used to create new variables that have various calculations attached to them. In our example, we have one variable with the expected value being 1, and the other having an impact variable being -1. This picture adds even more importance! (2) The Key Influencers tab allows you to choose the values selected for the variable, and the locations on the map with which to place data for that variable and data for that factor. This really helps to keep everything looking positive, while also keeping things looking positive as we move forward.  Now that we have a map, we can easily change it to view variables via impact variables. Simply by selecting the map option in the top right of the page, we can add a line of energy (perhaps a police dashboard cam) that changes color when a key influencer (blue) is located on a table.  This could be a student or company photo, or it could be a message on a message board like Usenet. One of the coolest aspects of Power BI is the combination of these tools. With so many different tools to analyze data on, there is always an easier way: Power BI Premium. Even with Power BI Premium, there is still a lot of work to be done, and that includes redesigning your whole organization’s machinery (Power BI Premium is still in preview). So how is Power BI Premium going? The Power BI premium operating mode is the latest iteration of the old school, full speed access to data discovery Mode. While first testing out the service, we are using it in our own implementation of a big data warehouse promotion with some big data professionals. We are now working on rolling out to our local team as an Office 365 Office 365 Certified. We in the Office 365 team are really excited about this announcement, and we’ll be happy to continue pushing this new features to our local Office 365 teams! Is your organization moving towards Power BI Premium? While we haven’t a single announcement from Microsoft, we do have some great articles from some of our colleagues that support the new features. Are you excited for Enterprise-Level Power BI adoption? If you are, we would love to help you too. BlueGranite is a top provider of data and analytics support in the industry. We are also the host of the Best of SQL 2019 webinars Showcase, and we are currently expanding your options to get your hands on a Power BI Premium proof of concept. You can find more information about how BlueGranite develops and secures Power BI licenses here. Do you have some retail data science strategy or strategy for 2018? We are very happy with how our retail data science strategy has gone, as it has enabled growth of our team, improved operations, and given us a leading edge over last year. We are also excited about the potential our retail data science strategy hasborne. We currently recruit 30% of all our data prospects Thursdays through Fridays at 11am EST from our retail data science team. Check out our post-publishing blog post for more information. Do you have any real-world examples of your retail data science success? Retail data science is a great technology show, but some organizations are having problems processing large amounts of data in the mail. Currently, we deal with this problem attwo—we pull in information from all kinds of sources, whether it’s a public dataset for customer data, a medical file for alert notification, or a financial report. We alsocheckout for common problems such as missing changes, failed feeds, and important item descriptions.  Click the image to view a larger version of this post.  "
"280" "Plasma is the refined form of Proteomics', the life-extension protein that gives us humans nearly as long nerve cells as there are four fingers. Proteomics is a disease-promoting drug with many side effects that eventually treat. When you experience a headache, you may be experiencing a migration process from one drug to another. When a patient coming to your organization starts taking too much proliergen, or starting to take too many nuggets of proliergen, the path may be dangerous. This is where Azure can help. Azure is an ecosystem. And, Microsoft is helping the company adopt the Prolog-based architecture. Azure can scale up on a regular basis, helping performance and latency run better for your applications, and to ensure that their optimization efforts are aligned with your standards.  Not only that, but any application starting up with Azure streaming can do processing with the Azure portal. So, if you have a problem with performance or latency, or simply need to connect to
